ham	Go until jurong point, crazy.. Available only in bugis n great world la e buffet... Cine there got amore wat...
ham	Ok lar... Joking wif u oni...
spam	Free entry in 2 a wkly comp to win FA Cup final tkts 21st May 2005. Text FA to 87121 to receive entry question(std txt rate)T&C's apply 08452810075over18's
ham	U dun say so early hor... U c already then say...
ham	Nah I don't think he goes to usf, he lives around here though
spam	FreeMsg Hey there darling it's been 3 week's now and no word back! I'd like some fun you up for it still? Tb ok! XxX std chgs to send, ￡1.50 to rcv
ham	Even my brother is not like to speak with me. They treat me like aids patent.
ham	As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
spam	WINNER!! As a valued network customer you have been selected to receivea ￡900 prize reward! To claim call 09061701461. Claim code KL341. Valid 12 hours only.
spam	Had your mobile 11 months or more? U R entitled to Update to the latest colour mobiles with camera for Free! Call The Mobile Update Co FREE on 08002986030
ham	I'm gonna be home soon and i don't want to talk about this stuff anymore tonight, k? I've cried enough today.
spam	SIX chances to win CASH! From 100 to 20,000 pounds txt> CSH11 and send to 87575. Cost 150p/day, 6days, 16+ TsandCs apply Reply HL 4 info
spam	URGENT! You have won a 1 week FREE membership in our ￡100,000 Prize Jackpot! Txt the word: CLAIM to No: 81010 T&C www.dbuk.net LCCLTD POBOX 4403LDNW1A7RW18
ham	I've been searching for the right words to thank you for this breather. I promise i wont take your help for granted and will fulfil my promise. You have been wonderful and a blessing at all times.
ham	I HAVE A DATE ON SUNDAY WITH WILL!!
spam	XXXMobileMovieClub: To use your credit, click the WAP link in the next txt message or click here>> http://wap. xxxmobilemovieclub.com?n=QJKGIGHJJGCBL
ham	Oh k...i'm watching here:)
ham	Eh u remember how 2 spell his name... Yes i did. He v naughty make until i v wet.
ham	Fine if that?s the way u feel. That?s the way its gota b
spam	England v Macedonia - dont miss the goals/team news. Txt ur national team to 87077 eg ENGLAND to 87077 Try:WALES, SCOTLAND 4txt/u1.20 POBOXox36504W45WQ 16+
ham	Is that seriously how you spell his name?
ham	I‘m going to try for 2 months ha ha only joking
ham	So u pay first lar... Then when is da stock comin...
ham	Aft i finish my lunch then i go str down lor. Ard 3 smth lor. U finish ur lunch already?
ham	Ffffffffff. Alright no way I can meet up with you sooner?
ham	Just forced myself to eat a slice. I'm really not hungry tho. This sucks. Mark is getting worried. He knows I'm sick when I turn down pizza. Lol
ham	Lol your always so convincing.
ham	Did you catch the bus ? Are you frying an egg ? Did you make a tea? Are you eating your mom's left over dinner ? Do you feel my Love ?
ham	I'm back &amp; we're packing the car now, I'll let you know if there's room
ham	Ahhh. Work. I vaguely remember that! What does it feel like? Lol
ham	Wait that's still not all that clear, were you not sure about me being sarcastic or that that's why x doesn't want to live with us
ham	Yeah he got in at 2 and was v apologetic. n had fallen out and she was actin like spoilt child and he got caught up in that. Till 2! But we won't go there! Not doing too badly cheers. You? 
ham	K tell me anything about you.
ham	For fear of fainting with the of all that housework you just did? Quick have a cuppa
spam	Thanks for your subscription to Ringtone UK your mobile will be charged ￡5/month Please confirm by replying YES or NO. If you reply NO you will not be charged
ham	Yup... Ok i go home look at the timings then i msg u again... Xuhui going to learn on 2nd may too but her lesson is at 8am
ham	Oops, I'll let you know when my roommate's done
ham	I see the letter B on my car
ham	Anything lor... U decide...
ham	Hello! How's you and how did saturday go? I was just texting to see if you'd decided to do anything tomo. Not that i'm trying to invite myself or anything!
ham	Pls go ahead with watts. I just wanted to be sure. Do have a great weekend. Abiola
ham	Did I forget to tell you ? I want you , I need you, I crave you ... But most of all ... I love you my sweet Arabian steed ... Mmmmmm ... Yummy
spam	07732584351 - Rodger Burns - MSG = We tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a free nokia mobile + free camcorder. Please call now 08000930705 for delivery tomorrow
ham	WHO ARE YOU SEEING?
ham	Great! I hope you like your man well endowed. I am  &lt;#&gt;  inches...
ham	No calls..messages..missed calls
ham	Didn't you get hep b immunisation in nigeria.
ham	Fair enough, anything going on?
ham	Yeah hopefully, if tyler can't do it I could maybe ask around a bit
ham	U don't know how stubborn I am. I didn't even want to go to the hospital. I kept telling Mark I'm not a weak sucker. Hospitals are for weak suckers.
ham	What you thinked about me. First time you saw me in class.
ham	A gram usually runs like  &lt;#&gt; , a half eighth is smarter though and gets you almost a whole second gram for  &lt;#&gt;
ham	K fyi x has a ride early tomorrow morning but he's crashing at our place tonight
ham	Wow. I never realized that you were so embarassed by your accomodations. I thought you liked it, since i was doing the best i could and you always seemed so happy about "the cave". I'm sorry I didn't and don't have more to give. I'm sorry i offered. I'm sorry your room was so embarassing.
spam	SMS. ac Sptv: The New Jersey Devils and the Detroit Red Wings play Ice Hockey. Correct or Incorrect? End? Reply END SPTV
ham	Do you know what Mallika Sherawat did yesterday? Find out now @  &lt;URL&gt;
spam	Congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! C Suprman V, Matrix3, StarWars3, etc all 4 FREE! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. Dont miss out! 
ham	Sorry, I'll call later in meeting.
ham	Tell where you reached
ham	Yes..gauti and sehwag out of odi series.
ham	Your gonna have to pick up a $1 burger for yourself on your way home. I can't even move. Pain is killing me.
ham	Ha ha ha good joke. Girls are situation seekers.
ham	Its a part of checking IQ
ham	Sorry my roommates took forever, it ok if I come by now?
ham	Ok lar i double check wif da hair dresser already he said wun cut v short. He said will cut until i look nice.
spam	As a valued customer, I am pleased to advise you that following recent review of your Mob No. you are awarded with a ￡1500 Bonus Prize, call 09066364589
ham	Today is "song dedicated day.." Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me...
spam	Urgent UR awarded a complimentary trip to EuroDisinc Trav, Aco&Entry41 Or ￡1000. To claim txt DIS to 87121 18+6*￡1.50(moreFrmMob. ShrAcomOrSglSuplt)10, LS1 3AJ
spam	Did you hear about the new "Divorce Barbie"? It comes with all of Ken's stuff!
ham	I plane to give on this month end.
ham	Wah lucky man... Then can save money... Hee...
ham	Finished class where are you.
ham	HI BABE IM AT HOME NOW WANNA DO SOMETHING? XX
ham	K..k:)where are you?how did you performed?
ham	U can call me now...
ham	I am waiting machan. Call me once you free.
ham	Thats cool. i am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
ham	I like you peoples very much:) but am very shy pa.
ham	Does not operate after  &lt;#&gt;  or what
ham	Its not the same here. Still looking for a job. How much do Ta's earn there.
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	K. Did you call me just now ah? 
ham	Ok i am on the way to home hi hi
ham	You will be in the place of that man
ham	Yup next stop.
ham	I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
ham	For real when u getting on yo? I only need 2 more tickets and one more jacket and I'm done. I already used all my multis.
ham	Yes I started to send requests to make it but pain came back so I'm back in bed. Double coins at the factory too. I gotta cash in all my nitros.
ham	I'm really not up to it still tonight babe
ham	Ela kano.,il download, come wen ur free..
ham	Yeah do! Don‘t stand to close tho- you‘ll catch something!
ham	Sorry to be a pain. Is it ok if we meet another night? I spent late afternoon in casualty and that means i haven't done any of y stuff42moro and that includes all my time sheets and that. Sorry. 
ham	Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
spam	Please call our customer service representative on 0800 169 6031 between 10am-9pm as you have WON a guaranteed ￡1000 cash or ￡5000 prize!
ham	Havent planning to buy later. I check already lido only got 530 show in e afternoon. U finish work already?
spam	Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. Simply text the password "MIX" to 85069 to verify. Get Usher and Britney. FML, PO Box 5249, MK17 92H. 450Ppw 16
ham	Watching telugu movie..wat abt u?
ham	i see. When we finish we have loads of loans to pay
ham	Hi. Wk been ok - on hols now! Yes on for a bit of a run. Forgot that i have hairdressers appointment at four so need to get home n shower beforehand. Does that cause prob for u?"
ham	I see a cup of coffee animation
ham	Please don't text me anymore. I have nothing else to say.
ham	Okay name ur price as long as its legal! Wen can I pick them up? Y u ave x ams xx
ham	I'm still looking for a car to buy. And have not gone 4the driving test yet.
ham	As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
ham	wow. You're right! I didn't mean to do that. I guess once i gave up on boston men and changed my search location to nyc, something changed. Cuz on my signin page it still says boston.
ham	Umma my life and vava umma love you lot dear
ham	Thanks a lot for your wishes on my birthday. Thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable.
ham	Aight, I'll hit you up when I get some cash
ham	How would my ip address test that considering my computer isn't a minecraft server
ham	I know! Grumpy old people. My mom was like you better not be lying. Then again I am always the one to play jokes...
ham	Dont worry. I guess he's busy.
ham	What is the plural of the noun research?
ham	Going for dinner.msg you after.
ham	I'm ok wif it cos i like 2 try new things. But i scared u dun like mah. Cos u said not too loud.
spam	GENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you won a ￡1000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09064012160. Claim Code K52. Valid 12hrs only. 150ppm
ham	Wa, ur openin sentence very formal... Anyway, i'm fine too, juz tt i'm eatin too much n puttin on weight...Haha... So anythin special happened?
ham	As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
spam	You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive ￡1000 or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810910p/min (18+) 
ham	Goodo! Yes we must speak friday - egg-potato ratio for tortilla needed! 
ham	Hmm...my uncle just informed me that he's paying the school directly. So pls buy food.
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2004 Account Statement for 07742676969 shows 786 unredeemed Bonus Points. To claim call 08719180248 Identifier Code: 45239 Expires
spam	URGENT! Your Mobile No. was awarded ￡2000 Bonus Caller Prize on 5/9/03 This is our final try to contact U! Call from Landline 09064019788 BOX42WR29C, 150PPM
ham	here is my new address -apples&pairs&all that malarky
spam	Todays Voda numbers ending 7548 are selected to receive a $350 award. If you have a match please call 08712300220 quoting claim code 4041 standard rates app
ham	I am going to sao mu today. Will be done only at 12 
ham	U predict wat time u'll finish buying?
ham	Good stuff, will do.
ham	Just so that you know,yetunde hasn't sent money yet. I just sent her a text not to bother sending. So its over, you dont have to involve yourself in anything. I shouldn't have imposed anything on you in the first place so for that, i apologise.
ham	Are you there in room.
ham	HEY GIRL. HOW R U? HOPE U R WELL ME AN DEL R BAK! AGAIN LONG TIME NO C! GIVE ME A CALL SUM TIME FROM LUCYxx
ham	K..k:)how much does it cost?
ham	I'm home.
ham	Dear, will call Tmorrow.pls accomodate.
ham	First answer my question.
spam	Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country the Algarve is in? Txt ansr to 82277. ￡1.50 SP:Tyrone
spam	Want 2 get laid tonight? Want real Dogging locations sent direct 2 ur mob? Join the UK's largest Dogging Network bt Txting GRAVEL to 69888! Nt. ec2a. 31p.msg@150p
ham	I only haf msn. It's yijue@hotmail.com
ham	He is there. You call and meet him
ham	No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
spam	You'll not rcv any more msgs from the chat svc. For FREE Hardcore services text GO to: 69988 If u get nothing u must Age Verify with yr network & try again
ham	Got c... I lazy to type... I forgot u in lect... I saw a pouch but like not v nice...
ham	K, text me when you're on the way
ham	Sir, Waiting for your mail.
ham	A swt thought: "Nver get tired of doing little things 4 lovable persons.." Coz..somtimes those little things occupy d biggest part in their Hearts.. Gud ni8
ham	I know you are. Can you pls open the back?
ham	Yes see ya not on the dot
ham	Whats the staff name who is taking class for us?
spam	FreeMsg Why haven't you replied to my text? I'm Randy, sexy, female and live local. Luv to hear from u. Netcollex Ltd 08700621170150p per msg reply Stop to end
ham	Ummma.will call after check in.our life will begin from qatar so pls pray very hard.
ham	K..i deleted my contact that why?
ham	Sindu got job in birla soft ..
ham	The wine is flowing and i'm i have nevering..
ham	Yup i thk cine is better cos no need 2 go down 2 plaza mah.
ham	Ok... Ur typical reply...
ham	As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
ham	You are everywhere dirt, on the floor, the windows, even on my shirt. And sometimes when i open my mouth, you are all that comes flowing out. I dream of my world without you, then half my chores are out too. A time of joy for me, lots of tv shows i.ll see. But i guess like all things you just must exist, like rain, hail and mist, and when my time here is done, you and i become one.
ham	Aaooooright are you at work?
ham	I'm leaving my house now...
ham	Hello, my love. What are you doing? Did you get to that interview today? Are you you happy? Are you being a good boy? Do you think of me?Are you missing me ?
spam	Customer service annoncement. You have a New Years delivery waiting for you. Please call 07046744435 now to arrange delivery
spam	You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive ￡1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810810
ham	Keep yourself safe for me because I need you and I miss you already and I envy everyone that see's you in real life
ham	New car and house for my parents.:)i have only new job in hand:)
ham	I'm so in love with you. I'm excited each day i spend with you. You make me so happy.
spam	-PLS STOP bootydelious (32/F) is inviting you to be her friend. Reply YES-434 or NO-434 See her: www.SMS.ac/u/bootydelious STOP? Send STOP FRND to 62468
spam	BangBabes Ur order is on the way. U SHOULD receive a Service Msg 2 download UR content. If U do not, GoTo wap. bangb. tv on UR mobile internet/service menu
ham	I place all ur points on e cultures module already.
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you have won a ￡900 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09061701939. Claim code S89. Valid 12hrs only
ham	Hi frnd, which is best way to avoid missunderstding wit our beloved one's?
ham	Great escape. I fancy the bridge but needs her lager. See you tomo 
ham	Yes :)it completely in out of form:)clark also utter waste.
ham	Sir, I need AXIS BANK account no and bank address.
ham	Hmmm.. Thk sure got time to hop ard... Ya, can go 4 free abt... Muz call u to discuss liao... 
ham	What time you coming down later? 
ham	Bloody hell, cant believe you forgot my surname Mr . Ill give u a clue, its spanish and begins with m... 
ham	Well, i'm gonna finish my bath now. Have a good...fine night.
ham	Let me know when you've got the money so carlos can make the call
ham	U still going to the mall?
ham	Turns out my friends are staying for the whole show and won't be back til ~ &lt;#&gt; , so feel free to go ahead and smoke that $ &lt;#&gt;  worth
ham	Text her. If she doesnt reply let me know so i can have her log in
ham	Hi! You just spoke to MANEESHA V. We'd like to know if you were satisfied with the experience. Reply Toll Free with Yes or No.
ham	You lifted my hopes with the offer of money. I am in need. Especially when the end of the month approaches and it hurts my studying. Anyways have a gr8 weekend
ham	Lol no. U can trust me.
ham	ok. I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
ham	He will, you guys close?
ham	Going on nothing great.bye
ham	Hello handsome ! Are you finding that job ? Not being lazy ? Working towards getting back that net for mummy ? Where's my boytoy now ? Does he miss me ?
ham	Haha awesome, be there in a minute
spam	Please call our customer service representative on FREEPHONE 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have WON a guaranteed ￡1000 cash or ￡5000 prize!
ham	Have you got Xmas radio times. If not i will get it now
ham	I jus reached home. I go bathe first. But my sis using net tell u when she finishes k...
spam	Are you unique enough? Find out from 30th August. www.areyouunique.co.uk
ham	I'm sorry. I've joined the league of people that dont keep in touch. You mean a great deal to me. You have been a friend at all times even at great personal cost. Do have a great week.|
ham	Hi :)finally i completed the course:)
ham	It will stop on itself. I however suggest she stays with someone that will be able to give ors for every stool.
ham	How are you doing? Hope you've settled in for the new school year. Just wishin you a gr8 day
ham	Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
ham	Did u got that persons story
ham	is your hamster dead? Hey so tmr i meet you at 1pm orchard mrt? 
ham	Hi its Kate how is your evening? I hope i can see you tomorrow for a bit but i have to bloody babyjontet! Txt back if u can. :) xxx
ham	Found it, ENC  &lt;#&gt; , where you at?
ham	I sent you  &lt;#&gt;  bucks
ham	Hello darlin ive finished college now so txt me when u finish if u can love Kate xxx
ham	Your account has been refilled successfully by INR  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your KeralaCircle prepaid account balance is Rs  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your Transaction ID is KR &lt;#&gt; .
ham	Goodmorning sleeping ga.
ham	U call me alter at 11 ok.
ham	U say until like dat i dun buy ericsson oso cannot oredi lar...
ham	As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
ham	Aight yo, dats straight dogg
ham	You please give us connection today itself before  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  or refund the bill
ham	Both :) i shoot big loads so get ready!
ham	What's up bruv, hope you had a great break. Do have a rewarding semester.
ham	Home so we can always chat
ham	K:)k:)good:)study well.
ham	Yup... How u noe leh...
ham	Sounds great! Are you home now?
ham	Finally the match heading towards draw as your prediction.
ham	Tired. I haven't slept well the past few nights.
ham	Easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
ham	I have to take exam with march 3
ham	Yeah you should. I think you can use your gt atm now to register. Not sure but if there's anyway i can help let me know. But when you do be sure you are ready.
ham	Ok no prob. Take ur time.
ham	There is os called ubandu which will run without installing in hard disk...you can use that os to copy the important files in system and give it to repair shop..
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	U say leh... Of course nothing happen lar. Not say v romantic jus a bit only lor. I thk e nite scenery not so nice leh.
spam	500 New Mobiles from 2004, MUST GO! Txt: NOKIA to No: 89545 & collect yours today!From ONLY ￡1 www.4-tc.biz 2optout 087187262701.50gbp/mtmsg18
ham	Would really appreciate if you call me. Just need someone to talk to.
spam	Will u meet ur dream partner soon? Is ur career off 2 a flyng start? 2 find out free, txt HORO followed by ur star sign, e. g. HORO ARIES
ham	Hey company elama po mudyadhu.
ham	Life is more strict than teacher... Bcoz Teacher teaches lesson &amp; then conducts exam, But Life first conducts Exam &amp; then teaches Lessons. Happy morning. . .
ham	Dear good morning now only i am up
ham	Get down in gandhipuram and walk to cross cut road. Right side &lt;#&gt; street road and turn at first right.
ham	Dear we are going to our rubber place
ham	Sorry battery died, yeah I'm here
ham	Yes:)here tv is always available in work place..
spam	Text & meet someone sexy today. U can find a date or even flirt its up to U. Join 4 just 10p. REPLY with NAME & AGE eg Sam 25. 18 -msg recd@thirtyeight pence
ham	I have printed it oh. So  &lt;#&gt;  come upstairs
ham	Or ill be a little closer like at the bus stop on the same street
ham	Where are you?when wil you reach here?
ham	New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, I'm always correct.!
spam	U 447801259231 have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094597
ham	Tomarrow final hearing on my laptop case so i cant.
ham	PLEASSSSSSSEEEEEE TEL ME V AVENT DONE SPORTSx
ham	Okay. No no, just shining on. That was meant to be signing, but that sounds better.
ham	Although i told u dat i'm into baig face watches now but i really like e watch u gave cos it's fr u. Thanx 4 everything dat u've done today, i'm touched...
ham	U don't remember that old commercial?
ham	Too late. I said i have the website. I didn't i have or dont have the slippers
ham	I asked you to call him now ok
ham	Kallis wont bat in 2nd innings.
ham	It didnt work again oh. Ok goodnight then. I.ll fix and have it ready by the time you wake up. You are very dearly missed have a good night sleep.
spam	Congratulations ur awarded 500 of CD vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & Free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
ham	Ranjith cal drpd Deeraj and deepak 5min hold
ham	Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
ham	What you doing?how are you?
ham	Ups which is 3days also, and the shipping company that takes 2wks. The other way is usps which takes a week but when it gets to lag you may have to bribe nipost to get your stuff.
ham	I'm back, lemme know when you're ready
ham	Don't necessarily expect it to be done before you get back though because I'm just now headin out
ham	Mmm so yummy babe ... Nice jolt to the suzy
ham	Where are you lover ? I need you ...
spam	We tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of a Video Handset? 750 anytime networks mins? UNLIMITED TEXT? Camcorder? Reply or call 08000930705 NOW
ham	I‘m parked next to a MINI!!!! When are you coming in today do you think?
ham	Yup
ham	Anyway i'm going shopping on my own now. Cos my sis not done yet. Dun disturb u liao.
ham	MY NO. IN LUTON 0125698789 RING ME IF UR AROUND! H*
spam	Hey I am really horny want to chat or see me naked text hot to 69698 text charged at 150pm to unsubscribe text stop 69698
ham	Why you Dint come with us.
ham	Same. Wana plan a trip sometme then
ham	Not sure yet, still trying to get a hold of him
spam	Ur ringtone service has changed! 25 Free credits! Go to club4mobiles.com to choose content now! Stop? txt CLUB STOP to 87070. 150p/wk Club4 PO Box1146 MK45 2WT
ham	The evo. I just had to download flash. Jealous?
spam	Ringtone Club: Get the UK singles chart on your mobile each week and choose any top quality ringtone! This message is free of charge.
ham	Come to mu, we're sorting out our narcotics situation
ham	Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay.
spam	HMV BONUS SPECIAL 500 pounds of genuine HMV vouchers to be won. Just answer 4 easy questions. Play Now! Send HMV to 86688 More info:www.100percent-real.com
ham	Usf I guess, might as well take 1 car
ham	No objection. My bf not coming.
ham	Thanx...
ham	Tell rob to mack his gf in the theater
ham	Awesome, I'll see you in a bit
ham	Just sent it. So what type of food do you like?
ham	All done? All handed in? Celebrations in full swing yet?
ham	You got called a tool?
ham	"Wen u miss someone, the person is definitely special for u..... But if the person is so special, why to miss them, just Keep-in-touch" gdeve..
ham	Ok. I asked for money how far
ham	Okie...
ham	Yeah I think my usual guy's still passed out from last night, if you get ahold of anybody let me know and I'll throw down
ham	K, I might come by tonight then if my class lets out early
ham	Ok..
ham	hi baby im cruisin with my girl friend what r u up 2? give me a call in and hour at home if thats alright or fone me on this fone now love jenny xxx
ham	My life Means a lot to me, Not because I love my life, But because I love the people in my life, The world calls them friends, I call them my World:-).. Ge:-)..
ham	Dear,shall mail tonite.busy in the street,shall update you tonite.things are looking ok.varunnathu edukkukayee raksha ollu.but a good one in real sense.
ham	Hey you told your name to gautham ah?
ham	Haf u found him? I feel so stupid da v cam was working.
ham	Oops. 4 got that bit.
ham	Are you this much buzy
ham	I accidentally deleted the message. Resend please.
spam	T-Mobile customer you may now claim your FREE CAMERA PHONE upgrade & a pay & go sim card for your loyalty. Call on 0845 021 3680.Offer ends 28thFeb.T&C's apply
ham	Unless it's a situation where YOU GO GURL would be more appropriate
ham	Hurt me... Tease me... Make me cry... But in the end of my life when i die plz keep one rose on my grave and say STUPID I MISS U.. HAVE A NICE DAY BSLVYL
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	Need a coffee run tomo?Can't believe it's that time of week already
ham	Awesome, I remember the last time we got somebody high for the first time with diesel :V
ham	Shit that is really shocking and scary, cant imagine for a second. Def up for night out. Do u think there is somewhere i could crash for night, save on taxi?
ham	Oh and by the way you do have more food in your fridge! Want to go out for a meal tonight? 
ham	He is a womdarfull actor
spam	SMS. ac Blind Date 4U!: Rodds1 is 21/m from Aberdeen, United Kingdom. Check Him out http://img. sms. ac/W/icmb3cktz8r7!-4 no Blind Dates send HIDE
ham	Yup... From what i remb... I think should be can book... 
ham	Jos ask if u wana meet up?
ham	Lol yes. Our friendship is hanging on a thread cause u won't buy stuff.
spam	TheMob> Check out our newest selection of content, Games, Tones, Gossip, babes and sport, Keep your mobile fit and funky text WAP to 82468
ham	Where are the garage keys? They aren't on the bookshelf
ham	Today is ACCEPT DAY..U Accept me as? Brother Sister Lover Dear1 Best1 Clos1 Lvblefrnd Jstfrnd Cutefrnd Lifpartnr Belovd Swtheart Bstfrnd No rply means enemy
spam	Think ur smart ? Win ￡200 this week in our weekly quiz, text PLAY to 85222 now!T&Cs WinnersClub PO BOX 84, M26 3UZ. 16+. GBP1.50/week
ham	He says he'll give me a call when his friend's got the money but that he's definitely buying before the end of the week
ham	Hi the way I was with u 2day, is the normal way&this is the real me. UR unique&I hope I know u 4 the rest of mylife. Hope u find wot was lost.
ham	You made my day. Do have a great day too.
ham	K.k:)advance happy pongal.
ham	Hmmm... Guess we can go 4 kb n power yoga... Haha, dunno we can tahan power yoga anot... Thk got lo oso, forgot liao...
ham	Not really dude, have no friends i'm afraid :(
spam	December only! Had your mobile 11mths+? You are entitled to update to the latest colour camera mobile for Free! Call The Mobile Update Co FREE on 08002986906
ham	Coffee cake, i guess...
ham	Merry Christmas to you too babe, i love ya *kisses*
ham	Hey... Why dont we just go watch x men and have lunch... Haha 
ham	cud u tell ppl im gona b a bit l8 cos 2 buses hav gon past cos they were full & im still waitin 4 1. Pete x
ham	That would be great. We'll be at the Guild. Could meet on Bristol road or somewhere - will get in touch over weekend. Our plans take flight! Have a good week
ham	No problem. How are you doing?
ham	No calls..messages..missed calls
ham	Hi da:)how is the todays class?
ham	I'd say that's a good sign but, well, you know my track record at reading women
ham	Cool, text me when you're parked
ham	I'm reading the text i just sent you. Its meant to be a joke. So read it in that light
ham	K.k:)apo k.good movie.
ham	Maybe i could get book out tomo then return it immediately ..? Or something.
spam	Call Germany for only 1 pence per minute! Call from a fixed line via access number 0844 861 85 85. No prepayment. Direct access!
ham	Any chance you might have had with me evaporated as soon as you violated my privacy by stealing my phone number from your employer's paperwork. Not cool at all. Please do not contact me again or I will report you to your supervisor.
spam	Valentines Day Special! Win over ￡1000 in our quiz and take your partner on the trip of a lifetime! Send GO to 83600 now. 150p/msg rcvd. CustCare:08718720201.
ham	Ta-Daaaaa! I am home babe, are you still up ?
ham	Cool. So how come you havent been wined and dined before?
ham	Just sleeping..and surfing
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	U calling me right? Call my hand phone...
ham	Ok that's great thanx a lot.
ham	I take it the post has come then! You must have 1000s of texts now! Happy reading. My one from wiv hello caroline at the end is my favourite. Bless him
ham	Where u been hiding stranger?
ham	Am not interested to do like that.
ham	My sister cleared two round in birla soft yesterday.
ham	Gudnite....tc...practice going on
ham	Dis is yijue. I jus saw ur mail. In case huiming havent sent u my num. Dis is my num.
ham	One small prestige problem now.
spam	Fancy a shag? I do.Interested? sextextuk.com txt XXUK SUZY to 69876. Txts cost 1.50 per msg. TnCs on website. X
ham	Just checking in on you. Really do miss seeing Jeremiah. Do have a great month
ham	Nah can't help you there, I've never had an iphone
ham	If you're not in my car in an hour and a half I'm going apeshit
ham	TODAY is Sorry day.! If ever i was angry with you, if ever i misbehaved or hurt you? plz plz JUST SLAP URSELF Bcoz, Its ur fault, I'm basically GOOD
ham	Yo you guys ever figure out how much we need for alcohol? Jay and I are trying to figure out how much we can safely spend on weed
ham	&lt;#&gt; ISH MINUTES WAS 5 MINUTES AGO. WTF.
ham	Thank You for calling.Forgot to say Happy Onam to you Sirji.I am fine here and remembered you when i met an insurance person.Meet You in Qatar Insha Allah.Rakhesh, ex Tata AIG who joined TISSCO,Tayseer.
spam	Congratulations ur awarded 500 of CD vouchers or 125gift guaranteed & Free entry 2 100 wkly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
spam	Ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send CASH to 86688 only 150p/msg. CC: 08708800282 HG/Suite342/2Lands Row/W1J6HL
ham	I'm an actor. When i work, i work in the evening and sleep late. Since i'm unemployed at the moment, i ALWAYS sleep late. When you're unemployed, every day is saturday.
ham	Hello! Just got here, st andrews-boy its a long way! Its cold. I will keep you posted
ham	Ha ha cool cool chikku chikku:-):-DB-)
ham	Oh ok no prob..
ham	Check audrey's status right now
ham	Busy here. Trying to finish for new year. I am looking forward to finally meeting you...
ham	Good afternoon sunshine! How dawns that day ? Are we refreshed and happy to be alive? Do we breathe in the air and smile ? I think of you, my love ... As always
ham	Well i know Z will take care of me. So no worries.
spam	Update_Now - Xmas Offer! Latest Motorola, SonyEricsson & Nokia & FREE Bluetooth! Double Mins & 1000 Txt on Orange. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/F4Q=
spam	Here is your discount code RP176781. To stop further messages reply stop. www.regalportfolio.co.uk. Customer Services 08717205546
ham	Wat uniform? In where get?
ham	Cool, text me when you're ready
ham	Hello my boytoy ... Geeee I miss you already and I just woke up. I wish you were here in bed with me, cuddling me. I love you ...
ham	I will spoil you in bed as well :)
ham	I'm going for bath will msg you next  &lt;#&gt;  min..
ham	I cant keep talking to people if am not sure i can pay them if they agree to price. So pls tell me what you want to really buy and how much you are willing to pay
spam	Thanks for your Ringtone Order, Reference T91. You will be charged GBP 4 per week. You can unsubscribe at anytime by calling customer services on 09057039994
ham	Can you say what happen
ham	You could have seen me..i did't recognise you Face.:)
ham	Well there's not a lot of things happening in Lindsay on New years *sighs* Some bars in Ptbo and the blue heron has something going
ham	Keep my payasam there if rinu brings
ham	I taught that Ranjith sir called me. So only i sms like that. Becaus hes verifying about project. Prabu told today so only pa dont mistake me..
ham	I guess that's why you re worried. You must know that there's a way the body repairs itself. And i'm quite sure you shouldn't worry. We'll take it slow. First the tests, they will guide when your ovulation is then just relax. Nothing you've said is a reason to worry but i.ll keep on followin you up.
ham	Yeah sure, give me a couple minutes to track down my wallet
ham	Hey leave it. not a big deal:-) take care.
ham	Hey i will be late ah... Meet you at 945+
spam	Double mins and txts 4 6months FREE Bluetooth on Orange. Available on Sony, Nokia Motorola phones. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call2optout/N9DX
ham	It took Mr owl 3 licks
ham	Customer place i will call you.
ham	Mm that time you dont like fun
spam	4mths half price Orange line rental & latest camera phones 4 FREE. Had your phone 11mths ? Call MobilesDirect free on 08000938767 to update now! or2stoptxt
ham	Yup having my lunch buffet now.. U eat already?
ham	Huh so late... Fr dinner?
ham	Hey so this sat are we going for the intro pilates only? Or the kickboxing too? 
ham	Morning only i can ok.
ham	Yes i think so. I am in office but my lap is in room i think thats on for the last few days. I didnt shut that down
ham	Pick you up bout 7.30ish? What time are  and that going?
ham	From here after The performance award is calculated every two month.not for current one month period..
ham	Was actually sleeping and still might when u call back. So a text is gr8. You rock sis. Will send u a text wen i wake.
ham	You are always putting your business out there. You put pictures of your ass on facebook. You are one of the most open people i've ever met. Why would i think a picture of your room would hurt you, make you feel violated.
ham	Good evening Sir, Al Salam Wahleykkum.sharing a happy news.By the grace of God, i got an offer from Tayseer,TISSCO and i joined.Hope you are fine.Inshah Allah,meet you sometime.Rakhesh,visitor from India.
ham	Hmmm...k...but i want to change the field quickly da:-)i wanna get system administrator or network administrator..
spam	FREE RINGTONE text FIRST to 87131 for a poly or text GET to 87131 for a true tone! Help? 0845 2814032 16 after 1st free, tones are 3x￡150pw to e￡nd txt stop
ham	Dear how is chechi. Did you talk to her
ham	The hair cream has not been shipped.
ham	None of that's happening til you get here though
ham	Yep, the great loxahatchee xmas tree burning of  &lt;#&gt;  starts in an hour
ham	Haha get used to driving to usf man, I know a lot of stoners
ham	All was well until slightly disastrous class this pm with my fav darlings! Hope day off ok. Coffee wld be good as can't stay late tomorrow. Same time + place as always?
ham	Hello! Good week? Fancy a drink or something later?
ham	Headin towards busetop
ham	Message:some text missing* Sender:Name Missing* *Number Missing *Sent:Date missing *Missing U a lot thats y everything is missing sent via fullonsms.com
ham	Come by our room at some point so we can iron out the plan for this weekend
ham	Cos i want it to be your thing
ham	Okies... I'll go yan jiu too... We can skip ard oso, go cine den go mrt one, blah blah blah... 
ham	Bring home some Wendy =D
spam	100 dating service cal;l 09064012103 box334sk38ch
ham	Whatsup there. Dont u want to sleep
ham	Alright i have a new goal now
spam	FREE entry into our ￡250 weekly competition just text the word WIN to 80086 NOW. 18 T&C www.txttowin.co.uk
ham	Alright, I'll head out in a few minutes, text me where to meet you
spam	Send a logo 2 ur lover - 2 names joined by a heart. Txt LOVE NAME1 NAME2 MOBNO eg LOVE ADAM EVE 07123456789 to 87077 Yahoo! POBox36504W45WQ TxtNO 4 no ads 150p
ham	Yes:)from last week itself i'm taking live call.
spam	Someone has contacted our dating service and entered your phone because they fancy you! To find out who it is call from a landline 09111032124 . PoBox12n146tf150p
ham	Siva is in hostel aha:-.
spam	URGENT! Your Mobile number has been awarded with a ￡2000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09058094455 from land line. Claim 3030. Valid 12hrs only
ham	Send this to ur friends and receive something about ur voice..... How is my speaking expression? 1.childish 2.naughty 3.Sentiment 4.rowdy 5.ful of attitude 6.romantic 7.shy 8.Attractive 9.funny  &lt;#&gt; .irritating  &lt;#&gt; .lovable. reply me..
ham	Ok. She'll be ok. I guess
ham	aathi..where are you dear..
ham	Any pain on urination any thing else?
ham	7 at esplanade.. Do u mind giving me a lift cos i got no car today..
ham	I wnt to buy a BMW car urgently..its vry urgent.but hv a shortage of  &lt;#&gt; Lacs.there is no source to arng dis amt. &lt;#&gt; lacs..thats my prob
ham	At home watching tv lor.
ham	Does she usually take fifteen fucking minutes to respond to a yes or no question
spam	Congrats! Nokia 3650 video camera phone is your Call 09066382422 Calls cost 150ppm Ave call 3mins vary from mobiles 16+ Close 300603 post BCM4284 Ldn WC1N3XX
ham	Booked ticket for pongal?
ham	You available now? I'm like right around hillsborough &amp;  &lt;#&gt; th
ham	The message sent is askin for  &lt;#&gt; dollars. Shoul i pay  &lt;#&gt;  or  &lt;#&gt; ?
ham	Ask g or iouri, I've told the story like ten times already
ham	How long does applebees fucking take
ham	Hi hope u get this txt~journey hasnt been gd,now about 50 mins late I think.
ham	But i have to. I like to have love and arrange.
ham	Yes..he is really great..bhaji told kallis best cricketer after sachin in world:).very tough to get out.
ham	You were supposed to wake ME up &gt;:(
ham	Oic... I saw him too but i tot he din c me... I found a group liao...
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	"HEY HEY WERETHE MONKEESPEOPLE SAY WE MONKEYAROUND! HOWDY GORGEOUS, HOWU DOIN? FOUNDURSELF A JOBYET SAUSAGE?LOVE JEN XXX"
ham	Sorry, my battery died, I can come by but I'm only getting a gram for now, where's your place?
ham	Well done, blimey, exercise, yeah, i kinda remember wot that is, hmm. 
ham	I wont get concentration dear you know you are my mind and everything :-)
ham	LOL ... Have you made plans for new years?
ham	10 min later k...
ham	hanks lotsly!
ham	Thanks for this hope you had a good day today
ham	K:)k:)what are detail you want to transfer?acc no enough?
ham	Ok i will tell her to stay out. Yeah its been tough but we are optimistic things will improve this month.
spam	Loan for any purpose ￡500 - ￡75,000. Homeowners + Tenants welcome. Have you been previously refused? We can still help. Call Free 0800 1956669 or text back 'help'
ham	Si si. I think ill go make those oreo truffles.
ham	LOOK AT AMY URE A BEAUTIFUL, INTELLIGENT WOMAN AND I LIKE U A LOT. I KNOW U DON?T LIKE ME LIKE THAT SO DON?T WORRY.
ham	I hope you that's the result of being consistently intelligent and kind. Start asking him about practicum links and keep your ears open and all the best. ttyl
ham	1.20 that call cost. Which i guess isnt bad. Miss ya, need ya, want ya, love ya
ham	Going thru a very different feeling.wavering decisions and coping up with the same is the same individual.time will heal everything i believe.
ham	Where did u go? My phone is gonna die you have to stay in here
ham	Great. Never been better. Each day gives even more reasons to thank God
spam	UpgrdCentre Orange customer, you may now claim your FREE CAMERA PHONE upgrade for your loyalty. Call now on 0207 153 9153. Offer ends 26th July. T&C's apply. Opt-out available
ham	Sorry, I'll call later ok bye
ham	Ok i am on the way to railway
ham	great princess! I love giving and receiving oral. Doggy style is my fave position. How about you? I enjoy making love  &lt;#&gt;  times per night :)
ham	They don't put that stuff on the roads to keep it from getting slippery over there?
ham	When are you going to ride your bike?
ham	Yup, no need. I'll jus wait 4 e rain 2 stop.
ham	There are many company. Tell me the language.
spam	okmail: Dear Dave this is your final notice to collect your 4* Tenerife Holiday or #5000 CASH award! Call 09061743806 from landline. TCs SAE Box326 CW25WX 150ppm
ham	How long has it been since you screamed, princess?
ham	Nothing. I meant that once the money enters your account here, the bank will remove its flat rate. Someone transfered  &lt;#&gt;  to my account and  &lt;#&gt; dollars got removed. So the banks differ and charges also differ.be sure you trust the 9ja person you are sending account details to cos...
spam	Want 2 get laid tonight? Want real Dogging locations sent direct 2 ur Mob? Join the UK's largest Dogging Network by txting MOAN to 69888Nyt. ec2a. 31p.msg@150p
ham	Nice line said by a broken heart- Plz don't cum 1 more times infront of me... Other wise once again I ll trust U... Good 9t:)
ham	Ok I'm gonna head up to usf in like fifteen minutes
ham	Love you aathi..love u lot..
ham	Tension ah?what machi?any problem?
ham	K, can I pick up another 8th when you're done?
ham	When're you guys getting back? G said you were thinking about not staying for mcr
ham	Almost there, see u in a sec
ham	Yo carlos, a few friends are already asking me about you, you working at all this weekend?
ham	Watching tv lor...
ham	Thank you baby! I cant wait to taste the real thing...
ham	You should change your fb to jaykwon thuglyfe falconerf
ham	If we win its really no 1 side for long time.
spam	FREE MESSAGE Activate your 500 FREE Text Messages by replying to this message with the word FREE For terms & conditions, visit www.07781482378.com
ham	Dear reached railway. What happen to you
ham	Depends on quality. If you want the type i sent boye, faded glory, then about 6. If you want ralphs maybe 2
ham	I think i've fixed it can you send a test message?
ham	Sorry man my account's dry or I would, if you want we could trade back half or I could buy some shit with my credit card
spam	Congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! C Suprman V, Matrix3, StarWars3, etc all 4 FREE! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. Dont miss out!
ham	Sorry,in meeting I'll call later
ham	What class of  &lt;#&gt;  reunion?
ham	Are you free now?can i call now?
ham	Got meh... When?
ham	Nope... Think i will go for it on monday... Sorry i replied so late
ham	Some of them told accenture is not confirm. Is it true.
ham	Kate jackson rec center before 7ish, right?
ham	Dear i have reache room
ham	Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
ham	When can u come out?
ham	Check with nuerologist.
ham	Lolnice. I went from a fish to ..water.?
spam	+123 Congratulations - in this week's competition draw u have won the ￡1450 prize to claim just call 09050002311 b4280703. T&Cs/stop SMS 08718727868. Over 18 only 150ppm
ham	No it's waiting in e car dat's bored wat. Cos wait outside got nothing 2 do. At home can do my stuff or watch tv wat.
ham	Maybe westshore or hyde park village, the place near my house?
ham	You should know now. So how's anthony. Are you bringing money. I've school fees to pay and rent and stuff like that. Thats why i need your help. A friend in need....|
ham	What's the significance?
ham	Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
ham	8 at the latest, g's still there if you can scrounge up some ammo and want to give the new ak a try
ham	Prabha..i'm soryda..realy..frm heart i'm sory
ham	Lol ok your forgiven :)
ham	No..jst change tat only..
spam	You are guaranteed the latest Nokia Phone, a 40GB iPod MP3 player or a ￡500 prize! Txt word: COLLECT to No: 83355! IBHltd LdnW15H 150p/Mtmsgrcvd18+
ham	S:)no competition for him.
spam	Boltblue tones for 150p Reply POLY# or MONO# eg POLY3 1. Cha Cha Slide 2. Yeah 3. Slow Jamz 6. Toxic 8. Come With Me or STOP 4 more tones txt MORE
spam	Your credits have been topped up for http://www.bubbletext.com Your renewal Pin is tgxxrz
ham	That way transport is less problematic than on sat night. By the way, if u want to ask  n  to join my bday, feel free. But need to know definite nos as booking on fri. 
ham	Usually the person is unconscious that's in children but in adults they may just behave abnormally. I.ll call you now
ham	But that's on ebay it might be less elsewhere.
ham	Shall i come to get pickle
ham	Were gonna go get some tacos
ham	That's very rude, you on campus?
spam	URGENT!: Your Mobile No. was awarded a ￡2,000 Bonus Caller Prize on 02/09/03! This is our 2nd attempt to contact YOU! Call 0871-872-9755 BOX95QU
ham	Hi i won't b ard 4 christmas. But do enjoy n merry x'mas.
spam	Today's Offer! Claim ur ￡150 worth of discount vouchers! Text YES to 85023 now! SavaMob, member offers mobile! T Cs 08717898035. ￡3.00 Sub. 16 . Unsub reply X
ham	Yes! How is a pretty lady like you single?
spam	You will recieve your tone within the next 24hrs. For Terms and conditions please see Channel U Teletext Pg 750
ham	Jay says that you're a double-faggot
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 07815296484 shows 800 un-redeemed S.I.M. points. Call 08718738001 Identifier Code 41782 Expires 18/11/04 
ham	What Today-sunday..sunday is holiday..so no work..
ham	Gudnite....tc...practice going on
ham	I'll be late...
ham	I've not called you in a while. This is hoping it was l8r malaria and that you know that we miss you guys. I miss Bani big, so pls give her my love especially. Have a great day.
ham	Good afternoon, my love! How goes that day ? I hope maybe you got some leads on a job. I think of you, boytoy and send you a passionate kiss from across the sea
ham	Probably gonna be here for a while, see you later tonight &lt;)
ham	Or maybe my fat fingers just press all these buttons and it doesn't know what to do.
ham	Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
ham	I am in tirupur da, once you started from office call me.
spam	from www.Applausestore.com MonthlySubscription@50p/msg max6/month T&CsC web age16 2stop txt stop
ham	A famous quote : when you develop the ability to listen to 'anything' unconditionally without losing your temper or self confidence, it means you are ......... 'MARRIED'
ham	But am going to college pa. What to do. are else ill come there it self. Pa.
ham	4 oclock at mine. Just to bash out a flat plan.
ham	This girl does not stay in bed. This girl doesn't need recovery time. Id rather pass out while having fun then be cooped up in bed
ham	Then any special there?
ham	I know but you need to get hotel now. I just got my invitation but i had to apologise. Cali is to sweet for me to come to some english bloke's weddin
ham	Sorry that took so long, omw now
ham	Wait  &lt;#&gt;  min..
ham	Ok give me 5 minutes I think I see her. BTW you're my alibi. You were cutting my hair the whole time.
ham	Imagine you finally get to sink into that bath after I have put you through your paces, maybe even having you eat me for a while before I left ... But also imagine the feel of that cage on your cock surrounded by the bath water, reminding you always who owns you ... Enjoy, my cuck
ham	Hurry up, I've been weed-deficient for like three days
ham	Sure, if I get an acknowledgement from you that it's astoundingly tactless and generally faggy to demand a blood oath fo
ham	Ok. Every night take a warm bath drink a cup of milk and you'll see a work of magic. You still need to loose weight. Just so that you know
ham	I‘ll have a look at the frying pan in case it‘s cheap or a book perhaps. No that‘s silly a frying pan isn‘t likely to be a book
ham	O. Well uv causes mutations. Sunscreen is like essential thesedays
ham	Having lunch:)you are not in online?why?
ham	I know that my friend already told that.
ham	Hi Princess! Thank you for the pics. You are very pretty. How are you?
ham	Aiyo... U always c our ex one... I dunno abt mei, she haven reply... First time u reply so fast... Y so lucky not workin huh, got bao by ur sugardad ah...gee.. 
ham	Hi msg me:)i'm in office..
ham	Thanx 4 e brownie it's v nice...
ham	Geeeee ... I love you so much I can barely stand it
spam	GENT! We are trying to contact you. Last weekends draw shows that you won a ￡1000 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09064012160. Claim Code K52. Valid 12hrs only. 150ppm 
ham	Fuck babe ... I miss you already, you know ? Can't you let me send you some money towards your net ? I need you ... I want you ... I crave you ...
ham	Ill call u 2mrw at ninish, with my address that icky American freek wont stop callin me 2 bad Jen k eh?
ham	Oooh bed ridden ey? What are YOU thinking of?
ham	So anyways, you can just go to your gym or whatever, my love *smiles* I hope your ok and having a good day babe ... I miss you so much already
ham	Love it! Daddy will make you scream with pleasure! I am going to slap your ass with my dick!
ham	WOT U WANNA DO THEN MISSY?
ham	Yar lor wait 4 my mum 2 finish sch then have lunch lor... I whole morning stay at home clean my room now my room quite clean... Hee...
ham	Do you know where my lab goggles went
ham	Can you open the door?
ham	Waiting for your call.
ham	Nope i waiting in sch 4 daddy... 
spam	You have won ?1,000 cash or a ?2,000 prize! To claim, call09050000327
ham	I'm tired of arguing with you about this week after week. Do what you want and from now on, i'll do the same.
ham	U wait 4 me in sch i finish ard 5..
spam	our mobile number has won ￡5000, to claim calls us back or ring the claims hot line on 09050005321.
ham	Arngd marriage is while u r walkin unfortuntly a snake bites u. bt love marriage is dancing in frnt of d snake &amp; sayin Bite me, bite me.
ham	Huh so early.. Then u having dinner outside izzit?
ham	Ok anyway no need to change with what you said
spam	We tried to contact you re your reply to our offer of 750 mins 150 textand a new video phone call 08002988890 now or reply for free delivery tomorrow
ham	my ex-wife was not able to have kids. Do you want kids one day?
ham	So how's scotland. Hope you are not over showing your JJC tendencies. Take care. Live the dream
ham	Tell them u have a headache and just want to use 1 hour of sick time.
ham	I dun thk i'll quit yet... Hmmm, can go jazz ? Yogasana oso can... We can go meet em after our lessons den... 
ham	"Pete can you please ring meive hardly gotany credit"
ham	Ya srsly better than yi tho
ham	I'm in a meeting, call me later at
spam	For ur chance to win a ￡250 wkly shopping spree TXT: SHOP to 80878. T's&C's www.txt-2-shop.com custcare 08715705022, 1x150p/wk
spam	You have been specially selected to receive a 2000 pound award! Call 08712402050 BEFORE the lines close. Cost 10ppm. 16+. T&Cs apply. AG Promo
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 07753741225 shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203677 Identifier Code: 42478 Expires 24/10/04
ham	You still at grand prix?
ham	I met you as a stranger and choose you as my friend. As long as the world stands, our friendship never ends. Lets be Friends forever!!! Gud nitz...
ham	I am great! How are you?
ham	Gud mrng dear have a nice day
spam	You have an important customer service announcement. Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0825 now!
ham	Will do. Was exhausted on train this morning. Too much wine and pie. You sleep well too
ham	I'm going out to buy mum's present ar.
ham	Mind blastin.. No more Tsunamis will occur from now on.. Rajnikant stopped swimming in Indian Ocean..:-D
ham	If u sending her home first it's ok lor. I'm not ready yet.
ham	Speaking of does he have any cash yet?
ham	Be happy there. I will come after noon
ham	Meet after lunch la...
ham	TaKe CaRE n gET WeLL sOOn
spam	XCLUSIVE@CLUBSAISAI 2MOROW 28/5 SOIREE SPECIALE ZOUK WITH NICHOLS FROM PARIS.FREE ROSES 2 ALL LADIES !!! info: 07946746291/07880867867 
ham	what I meant to say is cant wait to see u again getting bored of this bridgwater banter
ham	Neva mind it's ok..
ham	It's fine, imma get a drink or somethin. Want me to come find you?
spam	22 days to kick off! For Euro2004 U will be kept up to date with the latest news and results daily. To be removed send GET TXT STOP to 83222
ham	Its a valentine game. . . Send dis msg to all ur friends. .. If 5 answers r d same then someone really loves u. Ques- which colour suits me the best?rply me
ham	I have many dependents
ham	THANX4 TODAY CER IT WAS NICE 2 CATCH UP BUT WE AVE 2 FIND MORE TIME MORE OFTEN OH WELL TAKE CARE C U SOON.C
ham	I called and said all to him:)then he have to choose this future.
ham	"Happy valentines day" I know its early but i have hundreds of handsomes and beauties to wish. So i thought to finish off aunties and uncles 1st...
ham	He like not v shock leh. Cos telling shuhui is like telling leona also. Like dat almost all know liao. He got ask me abt ur reaction lor.
ham	For my family happiness..
ham	I come n pick u up... Come out immediately aft ur lesson...
ham	Let there be snow. Let there be snow. This kind of weather brings ppl together so friendships can grow.
ham	Dear we got  &lt;#&gt;  dollars hi hi
ham	Good words.... But words may leave u in dismay many times.
ham	MAKE SURE ALEX KNOWS HIS BIRTHDAY IS OVER IN FIFTEEN MINUTES AS FAR AS YOU'RE CONCERNED
ham	sorry, no, have got few things to do. may be in pub later.
ham	Nah it's straight, if you can just bring bud or drinks or something that's actually a little more useful than straight cash
ham	Haha good to hear, I'm officially paid and on the market for an 8th
ham	How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
ham	Yup i thk they r e teacher said that will make my face look longer. Darren ask me not 2 cut too short.
spam	New TEXTBUDDY Chat 2 horny guys in ur area 4 just 25p Free 2 receive Search postcode or at gaytextbuddy.com. TXT ONE name to 89693
spam	Todays Vodafone numbers ending with 4882 are selected to a receive a ￡350 award. If your number matches call 09064019014 to receive your ￡350 award.
ham	Please dont say like that. Hi hi hi
ham	Thank u!
ham	Oh that was a forwarded message. I thought you send that to me
ham	Got it. Seventeen pounds for seven hundred ml ? hope ok.
spam	Dear Voucher Holder, 2 claim this weeks offer, at your PC go to http://www.e-tlp.co.uk/expressoffer Ts&Cs apply.2 stop texts txt STOP to 80062.
ham	Me n him so funny...
ham	Sweetheart, hope you are not having that kind of day! Have one with loads of reasons to smile. Biola
ham	When u login dat time... Dad fetching u home now?
ham	What will we do in the shower, baby?
ham	I had askd u a question some hours before. Its answer
ham	Well imma definitely need to restock before thanksgiving, I'll let you know when I'm out
ham	 said kiss, kiss, i can't do the sound effects! He is a gorgeous man isn't he! Kind of person who needs a smile to brighten his day! 
ham	Probably gonna swing by in a wee bit
ham	Ya very nice. . .be ready on thursday
ham	Allo! We have braved the buses and taken on the trains and triumphed. I mean we‘re in b‘ham. Have a jolly good rest of week
ham	Watching cartoon, listening music &amp; at eve had to go temple &amp; church.. What about u?
ham	Do you mind if I ask what happened? You dont have to say if it is uncomfortable.
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08715203694 Identifier Code: 40533 Expires 31/10/04
ham	No prob. I will send to your email.
spam	You have won ?1,000 cash or a ?2,000 prize! To claim, call09050000327. T&C: RSTM, SW7 3SS. 150ppm
ham	Thats cool! Sometimes slow and gentle. Sonetimes rough and hard :)
ham	I'm gonna say no. Sorry. I would but as normal am starting to panic about time. Sorry again! Are you seeing on Tuesday?
ham	Wait, do you know if wesleys in town? I bet she does hella drugs!
ham	Fine i miss you very much.
ham	Did u got that persons story
ham	Tell them the drug dealer's getting impatient
ham	Sun cant come to earth but send luv as rays. cloud cant come to river but send luv as rain. I cant come to meet U, but can send my care as msg to U. Gud evng
ham	You will be in the place of that man
ham	It doesnt make sense to take it there unless its free. If you need to know more, wikipedia.com
spam	88800 and 89034 are premium phone services call 08718711108
ham	Under the sea, there lays a rock. In the rock, there is an envelope. In the envelope, there is a paper. On the paper, there are 3 words... '
ham	Then mum's repent how?
ham	Sorry me going home first... Daddy come fetch u later...
ham	Leave it de:-). Start Prepare for next:-)..
ham	Yes baby! We can study all the positions of the kama sutra ;)
ham	En chikku nange bakra msg kalstiya..then had tea/coffee?
ham	Carlos'll be here in a minute if you still need to buy
ham	This pay is  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  lakhs:)
ham	Have a good evening! Ttyl
ham	Did u receive my msg?
ham	Ho ho - big belly laugh! See ya tomo
spam	SMS. ac sun0819 posts HELLO:"You seem cool, wanted to say hi. HI!!!" Stop? Send STOP to 62468
spam	Get ur 1st RINGTONE FREE NOW! Reply to this msg with TONE. Gr8 TOP 20 tones to your phone every week just ￡1.50 per wk 2 opt out send STOP 08452810071 16
ham	Ditto. And you won't have to worry about me saying ANYTHING to you anymore. Like i said last night, you do whatever you want and i'll do the same. Peace.
ham	I've got  &lt;#&gt; , any way I could pick up?
ham	I dont knw pa, i just drink milk..
ham	Maybe?! Say hi to  and find out if  got his card. Great escape or wetherspoons? 
ham	Piggy, r u awake? I bet u're still sleeping. I'm going 4 lunch now...
ham	Cause I'm not freaky lol
ham	Missed your call cause I was yelling at scrappy. Miss u. Can't wait for u to come home. I'm so lonely today.
ham	What is this 'hex' place you talk of? Explain!
ham	U log off 4 wat. It's sdryb8i
ham	Is xy going 4 e lunch?
spam	Hi I'm sue. I am 20 years old and work as a lapdancer. I love sex. Text me live - I'm i my bedroom now. text SUE to 89555. By TextOperator G2 1DA 150ppmsg 18+
ham	I wanted to ask u to wait 4 me to finish lect. Cos my lect finishes in an hour anyway.
ham	Have you finished work yet? :)
ham	Every King Was Once A Crying Baby And Every Great Building Was Once A Map.. Not Imprtant Where U r TODAY, BUT Where U Wil Reach TOMORW. Gud ni8
ham	Dear,Me at cherthala.in case u r coming cochin pls call bfore u start.i shall also reach accordingly.or tell me which day u r coming.tmorow i am engaged ans its holiday.
ham	Thanks love. But am i doing torch or bold.
spam	<Forwarded from 448712404000>Please CALL 08712404000 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you.
ham	Was the farm open?
ham	Sorry to trouble u again. Can buy 4d for my dad again? 1405, 1680, 1843. All 2 big 1 small, sat n sun. Thanx.
ham	My sister in law, hope you are having a great month. Just saying hey. Abiola
ham	Will purchase d stuff today and mail to you. Do you have a po box number?
ham	Ah poop. Looks like ill prob have to send in my laptop to get fixed cuz it has a gpu problem
ham	Good. Good job. I like entrepreneurs
ham	Aight, you close by or still down around alex's place?
ham	meet you in corporation st outside gap … you can see how my mind is working!
ham	Mum ask u to buy food home...
ham	K..u also dont msg or reply to his msg..
ham	How much r u willing to pay?
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	What is important is that you prevent dehydration by giving her enough fluids
ham	Thats a bit weird, even ?- where is the do supposed to be happening? But good idea, sure they will be in pub!
ham	True dear..i sat to pray evening and felt so.so i sms'd you in some time...
ham	I don't think I can get away for a trek that long with family in town, sorry
ham	So when do you wanna gym harri
ham	Quite late lar... Ard 12 anyway i wun b drivin...
spam	To review and KEEP the fantastic Nokia N-Gage game deck with Club Nokia, go 2 www.cnupdates.com/newsletter. unsubscribe from alerts reply with the word OUT
spam	4mths half price Orange line rental & latest camera phones 4 FREE. Had your phone 11mths+? Call MobilesDirect free on 08000938767 to update now! or2stoptxt T&Cs
ham	Height of Confidence: All the Aeronautics professors wer calld &amp; they wer askd 2 sit in an aeroplane. Aftr they sat they wer told dat the plane ws made by their students. Dey all hurried out of d plane.. Bt only 1 didnt move... He said:"if it is made by my students,this wont even start........ Datz confidence..
ham	It just seems like weird timing that the night that all you and g want is for me to come smoke is the same day as when a shitstorm is attributed to me always coming over and making everyone smoke
spam	08714712388 between 10am-7pm Cost 10p
ham	Save yourself the stress. If the person has a dorm account, just send your account details and the money will be sent to you.
ham	He also knows about lunch menu only da. . I know
ham	When i have stuff to sell i.ll tell you
spam	+449071512431 URGENT! This is the 2nd attempt to contact U!U have WON ￡1250 CALL 09071512433 b4 050703 T&CsBCM4235WC1N3XX. callcost 150ppm mobilesvary. max￡7. 50
ham	Book which lesson? then you msg me... I will call up after work or sth... I'm going to get specs. My membership is PX3748
spam	You have WON a guaranteed ￡1000 cash or a ￡2000 prize. To claim yr prize call our customer service representative on 08714712394 between 10am-7pm
ham	Macha dont feel upset.i can assume your mindset.believe me one evening with me and i have some wonderful plans for both of us.LET LIFE BEGIN AGAIN.call me anytime
ham	Oh is it? Send me the address
ham	S'fine. Anytime. All the best with it.
ham	That is wondar full flim.
ham	Ya even those cookies have jelly on them
ham	The world is running and i am still.maybe all are feeling the same,so be it.or i have to admit,i am mad.then where is the correction?or let me call this is life.and keep running with the world,may be u r also running.lets run.
ham	Got it! It looks scrumptious... daddy wants to eat you all night long!
ham	Of cos can lar i'm not so ba dao ok... 1 pm lor... Y u never ask where we go ah... I said u would ask on fri but he said u will ask today...
ham	Alright omw, gotta change my order to a half8th
ham	Exactly. Anyways how far. Is jide her to study or just visiting
ham	Dunno y u ask me.
spam	Email AlertFrom: Jeri StewartSize: 2KBSubject: Low-cost prescripiton drvgsTo listen to email call 123
ham	No he didn't. Spring is coming early yay!
ham	Lol you won't feel bad when I use her money to take you out to a steak dinner =D
ham	Even u dont get in trouble while convincing..just tel him once or twice and just tel neglect his msgs dont c and read it..just dont reply
ham	Leaving to qatar tonite in search of an opportunity.all went fast.pls add me in ur prayers dear.Rakhesh
ham	Then why no one talking to me
ham	Thanks for looking out for me. I really appreciate.
spam	Hi. Customer Loyalty Offer:The NEW Nokia6650 Mobile from ONLY ￡10 at TXTAUCTION! Txt word: START to No: 81151 & get yours Now! 4T&Ctxt TC 150p/MTmsg
ham	Wish i were with you now!
ham	Haha mayb u're rite... U know me well. Da feeling of being liked by someone is gd lor. U faster go find one then all gals in our group attached liao.
ham	Yes i will be there. Glad you made it.
ham	Do well :)all will for little time. Thing of good times ahead:
ham	Just got up. have to be out of the room very soon. …. i hadn't put the clocks back til at 8 i shouted at everyone to get up and then realised it was 7. wahay. another hour in bed.
ham	Ok. There may be a free gym about.
ham	Men like shorter ladies. Gaze up into his eyes.
ham	Dunno he jus say go lido. Same time 930.
ham	I promise to take good care of you, princess. I have to run now. Please send pics when you get a chance. Ttyl!
spam	U are subscribed to the best Mobile Content Service in the UK for ￡3 per 10 days until you send STOP to 82324. Helpline 08706091795
ham	Is there a reason we've not spoken this year? Anyways have a great week and all the best in your exam
ham	By monday next week. Give me the full gist
spam	Do you realize that in about 40 years, we'll have thousands of old ladies running around with tattoos?
spam	You have an important customer service announcement from PREMIER.
ham	Dont gimme that lip caveboy
ham	When did you get to the library
ham	Realy sorry-i don't recognise this number and am now confused :) who r u please?! 
ham	So why didnt you holla?
ham	Cant think of anyone with * spare room off * top of my head
ham	Faith makes things possible,Hope makes things work,Love makes things beautiful,May you have all three this Christmas!Merry Christmas!
ham	U should have made an appointment
ham	Call me when you/carlos is/are here, my phone's vibrate is acting up and I might not hear texts
spam	Romantic Paris. 2 nights, 2 flights from ￡79 Book now 4 next year. Call 08704439680Ts&Cs apply.
ham	We are at grandmas. Oh dear, u still ill? I felt Shit this morning but i think i am just hungover! Another night then. We leave on sat.
spam	Urgent Ur ￡500 guaranteed award is still unclaimed! Call 09066368327 NOW closingdate04/09/02 claimcode M39M51 ￡1.50pmmorefrommobile2Bremoved-MobyPOBox734LS27YF
ham	Nothing but we jus tot u would ask cos u ba gua... But we went mt faber yest... Yest jus went out already mah so today not going out... Jus call lor...
ham	Wishing you and your family Merry "X" mas and HAPPY NEW Year in advance..
spam	UR awarded a City Break and could WIN a ￡200 Summer Shopping spree every WK. Txt STORE to 88039 . SkilGme. TsCs087147403231Winawk!Age16 ￡1.50perWKsub
ham	I'm nt goin, got somethin on, unless they meetin 4 dinner lor... Haha, i wonder who will go tis time...
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	Lol I know! They're so dramatic. Schools already closed for tomorrow. Apparently we can't drive in the inch of snow were supposed to get.
ham	Not getting anywhere with this damn job hunting over here!
ham	Lol! U drunkard! Just doing my hair at d moment. Yeah still up 4 tonight. Wats the plan? 
ham	idc get over here, you are not weaseling your way out of this shit twice in a row
ham	I wil be there with in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes. Got any space
ham	Just sleeping..and surfing
ham	Thanks for picking up the trash.
ham	Why don't you go tell your friend you're not sure you want to live with him because he smokes too much then spend hours begging him to come smoke
ham	"Hi its Kate it was lovely to see you tonight and ill phone you tomorrow. I got to sing and a guy gave me his card! xxx"
ham	Happy New year my dear brother. I really do miss you. Just got your number and decided to send you this text wishing you only happiness. Abiola
ham	That means get the door
ham	Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
ham	Hmmm ... I thought we said 2 hours slave, not 3 ... You are late ... How should I punish you ?
ham	Beerage?
spam	You have an important customer service announcement from PREMIER. Call FREEPHONE 0800 542 0578 now!
ham	Dont think so. It turns off like randomlly within 5min of opening
ham	She was supposed to be but couldn't make it, she's still in town though
ham	It does it on its own. Most of the time it fixes my spelling. But sometimes it gets a completely diff word. Go figure
spam	Ever thought about living a good life with a perfect partner? Just txt back NAME and AGE to join the mobile community. (100p/SMS)
spam	5 Free Top Polyphonic Tones call 087018728737, National Rate. Get a toppoly tune sent every week, just text SUBPOLY to 81618, ￡3 per pole. UnSub 08718727870.
ham	Gud mrng dear hav a nice day
ham	This is hoping you enjoyed your game yesterday. Sorry i've not been in touch but pls know that you are fondly bein thot off. Have a great week. Abiola
ham	All e best 4 ur driving tmr :-)
ham	Y?WHERE U AT DOGBREATH? ITS JUST SOUNDING LIKE JAN C THAT?S AL!!!!!!!!!
ham	Omg I want to scream. I weighed myself and I lost more weight! Woohoo!
ham	There generally isn't one. It's an uncountable noun - u in the dictionary. pieces of research?
ham	it's really getting me down just hanging around.
spam	Orange customer, you may now claim your FREE CAMERA PHONE upgrade for your loyalty. Call now on 0207 153 9996. Offer ends 14thMarch. T&C's apply. Opt-out availa
ham	"Petey boy whereare you me and all your friendsare in theKingshead come down if you canlove Nic"
ham	Ok i msg u b4 i leave my house.
ham	"Gimme a few" was  &lt;#&gt;  minutes ago
spam	Last Chance! Claim ur ￡150 worth of discount vouchers today! Text SHOP to 85023 now! SavaMob, offers mobile! T Cs SavaMob POBOX84, M263UZ. ￡3.00 Sub. 16
ham	Appt is at &lt;TIME&gt; am. Not my fault u don't listen. I told u twice
spam	FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mobile every week just txt NOKIA to 8077 Get txting and tell ur mates. www.getzed.co.uk POBox 36504 W45WQ 16+ norm150p/tone
spam	You have won a guaranteed ￡200 award or even ￡1000 cashto claim UR award call free on 08000407165 (18+) 2 stop getstop on 88222 PHP. RG21 4JX
ham	K I'll be there before 4.
ham	I dled 3d its very imp
ham	sure, but make sure he knows we ain't smokin yet
ham	Boooo you always work. Just quit.
ham	I am taking half day leave bec i am not well
ham	Ugh I don't wanna get out of bed. It's so warm.
ham	S:)s.nervous  &lt;#&gt; :)
ham	So there's a ring that comes with the guys costumes. It's there so they can gift their future yowifes. Hint hint
spam	Congratulations ur awarded either ￡500 of CD gift vouchers & Free entry 2 our ￡100 weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com1win150ppmx3age16
ham	I borrow ur bag ok.
spam	U were outbid by simonwatson5120 on the Shinco DVD Plyr. 2 bid again, visit sms. ac/smsrewards 2 end bid notifications, reply END OUT
ham	Where's my boytoy? I miss you ... What happened?
ham	He has lots of used ones babe, but the model doesn't help. Youi have to bring it over and he'll match it up
ham	Also are you bringing galileo or dobby
ham	Then why you not responding
ham	"BOO BABE! U ENJOYIN YOURJOB? U SEEMED 2 B GETTIN ON WELL HUNNY!HOPE URE OK?TAKE CARE & I?LLSPEAK 2U SOONLOTS OF LOVEME XXXX."
ham	Good afternoon starshine! How's my boytoy? Does he crave me yet? Ache to fuck me ? *sips cappuccino* I miss you babe *teasing kiss*
ham	On the road so cant txt
spam	SMSSERVICES. for yourinclusive text credits, pls goto www.comuk.net login= 3qxj9 unsubscribe with STOP, no extra charge. help 08702840625.COMUK. 220-CM2 9AE
spam	25p 4 alfie Moon's Children in need song on ur mob. Tell ur m8s. Txt Tone charity to 8007 for Nokias or Poly charity for polys: zed 08701417012 profit 2 charity.
ham	Have a good evening! Ttyl
ham	Hmm .. Bits and pieces lol ... *sighs* ...
ham	Hahaha..use your brain dear
ham	Hey. You got any mail?
ham	Sorry light turned green, I meant another friend wanted  &lt;#&gt;  worth but he may not be around
ham	Thanks for yesterday sir. You have been wonderful. Hope you enjoyed the burial. MojiBiola
spam	U have a secret admirer. REVEAL who thinks U R So special. Call 09065174042. To opt out Reply REVEAL STOP. 1.50 per msg recd. Cust care 07821230901
ham	Hi mate its RV did u hav a nice hol just a message 3 say hello coz haven?t sent u 1 in ages started driving so stay off roads!RVx
spam	Dear Voucher Holder, To claim this weeks offer, at you PC please go to http://www.e-tlp.co.uk/expressoffer Ts&Cs apply. To stop texts, txt STOP to 80062
ham	Thank you so much. When we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. Hope you are good. We've given you ultimatum oh! We are countin down to aburo. Enjoy! This is the message i sent days ago
ham	Surely result will offer:)
ham	Good Morning my Dear........... Have a great &amp; successful day.
spam	Do you want 750 anytime any network mins 150 text and a NEW VIDEO phone for only five pounds per week call 08002888812 or reply for delivery tomorrow
ham	Sir, I have been late in paying rent for the past few months and had to pay a $ &lt;#&gt;  charge. I felt it would be inconsiderate of me to nag about something you give at great cost to yourself and that's why i didnt speak up. I however am in a recession and wont be able to pay the charge this month hence my askin well ahead of month's end. Can you please help. Thanks
spam	We tried to contact you re our offer of New Video Phone 750 anytime any network mins HALF PRICE Rental camcorder call 08000930705 or reply for delivery Wed
spam	Last chance 2 claim ur ￡150 worth of discount vouchers-Text YES to 85023 now!SavaMob-member offers mobile T Cs 08717898035. ￡3.00 Sub. 16 . Remove txt X or STOP
ham	I luv u soo much u don?t understand how special u r 2 me ring u 2morrow luv u xxx
ham	Pls send me a comprehensive mail about who i'm paying, when and how much.
ham	Our Prashanthettan's mother passed away last night. pray for her and family.
spam	Urgent! call 09066350750 from your landline. Your complimentary 4* Ibiza Holiday or 10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs PO BOX 434 SK3 8WP 150 ppm 18+ 
ham	K.k:)when are you going?
ham	Meanwhile in the shit suite: xavier decided to give us  &lt;#&gt;  seconds of warning that samantha was coming over and is playing jay's guitar to impress her or some shit. Also I don't think doug realizes I don't live here anymore
ham	My stomach has been thru so much trauma I swear I just can't eat. I better lose weight.
ham	I am in office:)whats the matter..msg me now.i will call you at break:).
ham	Yeah there's barely enough room for the two of us, x has too many fucking shoes. Sorry man, see you later
spam	Today's Offer! Claim ur ￡150 worth of discount vouchers! Text YES to 85023 now! SavaMob, member offers mobile! T Cs 08717898035. ￡3.00 Sub. 16 . Unsub reply X
ham	U reach orchard already? U wan 2 go buy tickets first?
ham	I am real, baby! I want to bring out your inner tigress...
ham	No da if you run that it activate the full version da.
ham	"AH POOR BABY!HOPE URFEELING BETTERSN LUV! PROBTHAT OVERDOSE OF WORK HEY GO CAREFUL SPK 2 U SN LOTS OF LOVEJEN XXX."
ham	Stop the story. I've told him i've returned it and he's saying i should not re order it.
spam	Talk sexy!! Make new friends or fall in love in the worlds most discreet text dating service. Just text VIP to 83110 and see who you could meet.
ham	Going to take your babe out ?
ham	Hai ana tomarrow am coming on morning.  &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  ill be there in sathy then we ll go to RTO office. Reply me after came to home.
ham	Spoons it is then okay?
ham	Did he just say somebody is named tampa
ham	In work now. Going have in few min.
ham	Your brother is a genius
ham	Sorry, I guess whenever I can get a hold of my connections, maybe an hour or two? I'll text you
ham	Did u find out what time the bus is at coz i need to sort some stuff out.
ham	Dude ive been seeing a lotta corvettes lately
spam	Congratulations ur awarded either a yrs supply of CDs from Virgin Records or a Mystery Gift GUARANTEED Call 09061104283 Ts&Cs www.smsco.net ￡1.50pm approx 3mins
ham	Same here, but I consider walls and bunkers and shit important just because I never play on peaceful but I guess your place is high enough that it don't matter
spam	PRIVATE! Your 2003 Account Statement for 07808 XXXXXX shows 800 un-redeemed S. I. M. points. Call 08719899217 Identifier Code: 41685 Expires 07/11/04
spam	Hello. We need some posh birds and chaps to user trial prods for champneys. Can i put you down? I need your address and dob asap. Ta r
spam	What do U want for Xmas? How about 100 free text messages & a new video phone with half price line rental? Call free now on 0800 0721072 to find out more!
ham	Well am officially in a philosophical hole, so if u wanna call am at home ready to be saved!
ham	Its going good...no problem..but still need little experience to understand american customer voice...
ham	I'll text you when I drop x off
ham	Ugh its been a long day. I'm exhausted. Just want to cuddle up and take a nap
ham	Talk With Yourself Atleast Once In A Day...!!! Otherwise You Will Miss Your Best FRIEND In This WORLD...!!! -Shakespeare- SHESIL  &lt;#&gt;
spam	Shop till u Drop, IS IT YOU, either 10K, 5K, ￡500 Cash or ￡100 Travel voucher, Call now, 09064011000. NTT PO Box CR01327BT fixedline Cost 150ppm mobile vary
ham	Are you in castor? You need to see something
spam	Sunshine Quiz Wkly Q! Win a top Sony DVD player if u know which country Liverpool played in mid week? Txt ansr to 82277. ￡1.50 SP:Tyrone
spam	U have a secret admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09058094565
spam	U have a Secret Admirer who is looking 2 make contact with U-find out who they R*reveal who thinks UR so special-call on 09065171142-stopsms-08
spam	Reminder: You have not downloaded the content you have already paid for. Goto http://doit. mymoby. tv/ to collect your content.
ham	see, i knew giving you a break a few times woul lead to you always wanting to miss curfew. I was gonna gibe you 'til one, but a MIDNIGHT movie is not gonna get out til after 2. You need to come home. You need to getsleep and, if anything, you need to b studdying ear training.
ham	I love to give massages. I use lots of baby oil... What is your fave position?
ham	Dude we should go sup again
ham	Yoyyooo u know how to change permissions for a drive in mac. My usb flash drive
ham	Gibbs unsold.mike hussey
ham	I like to talk pa but am not able to. I dont know y.
ham	Y dun cut too short leh. U dun like ah? She failed. She's quite sad.
ham	You unbelievable faglord
ham	Wife.how she knew the time of murder exactly
ham	Why do you ask princess?
ham	I am great princess! What are you thinking about me? :)
ham	Nutter. Cutter. Ctter. Cttergg. Cttargg. Ctargg. Ctagg. ie you
ham	It's ok i noe u're busy but i'm really too bored so i msg u. I oso dunno wat colour she choose 4 me one.
ham	Doesn't g have class early tomorrow and thus shouldn't be trying to smoke at  &lt;#&gt;
ham	Superb Thought- "Be grateful that u dont have everything u want. That means u still have an opportunity to be happier tomorrow than u are today.":-)
ham	Hope you are having a good week. Just checking in
ham	I'm used to it. I just hope my agents don't drop me since i've only booked a few things this year. This whole me in boston, them in nyc was an experiment.
ham	Thursday night? Yeah, sure thing, we'll work it out then
spam	Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. Simply text the password "MIX" to 85069 to verify. Get Usher and Britney. FML, PO Box 5249, MK17 92H. 450Ppw 16
ham	Probably money worries. Things are coming due and i have several outstanding invoices for work i did two and three months ago.
ham	How is it possible to teach you. And where.
ham	I wonder if your phone battery went dead ? I had to tell you, I love you babe
ham	Lovely smell on this bus and it ain't tobacco... 
ham	We're all getting worried over here, derek and taylor have already assumed the worst
ham	Hey what's up charles sorry about the late reply.
spam	all the lastest from Stereophonics, Marley, Dizzee Racal, Libertines and The Strokes! Win Nookii games with Flirt!! Click TheMob WAP Bookmark or text WAP to 82468
ham	I.ll give her once i have it. Plus she said grinule greet you whenever we speak
ham	WHITE FUDGE OREOS ARE IN STORES
spam	January Male Sale! Hot Gay chat now cheaper, call 08709222922. National rate from 1.5p/min cheap to 7.8p/min peak! To stop texts call 08712460324 (10p/min)
ham	My love ! How come it took you so long to leave for Zaher's? I got your words on ym and was happy to see them but was sad you had left. I miss you
ham	I am sorry it hurt you.
ham	Can't. I feel nauseous. I'm so pissed. I didn't eat any sweets all week cause today I was planning to pig out. I was dieting all week. And now I'm not hungry :/
ham	Ok lor but not too early. Me still having project meeting now.
ham	Call me da, i am waiting for your call.
ham	I could ask carlos if we could get more if anybody else can chip in
ham	Was actually about to send you a reminder today. Have a wonderful weekend
ham	When people see my msgs, They think Iam addicted to msging... They are wrong, Bcoz They don\'t know that Iam addicted to my sweet Friends..!! BSLVYL
ham	Hey you gave them your photo when you registered for driving ah? Tmr wanna meet at yck? 
ham	Dont talk to him ever ok its my word.
ham	When u wana see it then
ham	On ma way to school. Can you pls send me ashley's number
ham	It shall be fine. I have avalarr now. Will hollalater
ham	She went to attend another two rounds today..but still did't reach home..
ham	Actually i deleted my old website..now i m blogging at magicalsongs.blogspot.com
ham	K, wait chikku..il send aftr  &lt;#&gt; mins
ham	But I'm on a diet. And I ate 1 too many slices of pizza yesterday. Ugh I'm ALWAYS on a diet.
ham	K:)i will give my kvb acc details:)
ham	Oh all have to come ah?
spam	money!!! you r a lucky winner ! 2 claim your prize text money 2 88600 over ￡1million to give away ! ppt150x3+normal text rate box403 w1t1jy
ham	I'm really sorry i won't b able 2 do this friday.hope u can find an alternative.hope yr term's going ok:-)
ham	Congratulations ore mo owo re wa. Enjoy it and i wish you many happy moments to and fro wherever you go
ham	So do you have samus shoulders yet
ham	What time you think you'll have it? Need to know when I should be near campus
spam	Dear Matthew please call 09063440451 from a landline, your complimentary 4*Lux Tenerife holiday or ￡1000 CASH await collection. ppm150 SAE T&Cs Box334 SK38XH.
ham	Then dun wear jeans lor...
ham	Since when, which side, any fever, any vomitin.
ham	K:)k.are you in college?
spam	Urgent! call 09061749602 from Landline. Your complimentary 4* Tenerife Holiday or ￡10,000 cash await collection SAE T&Cs BOX 528 HP20 1YF 150ppm 18+
ham	Better. Made up for Friday and stuffed myself like a pig yesterday. Now I feel bleh. But at least its not writhing pain kind of bleh.
ham	No we sell it all so we'll have tons if coins. Then sell our coins to someone thru paypal. Voila! Money back in life pockets:)
ham	Theyre doing it to lots of places. Only hospitals and medical places are safe.
spam	How about getting in touch with folks waiting for company? Just txt back your NAME and AGE to opt in! Enjoy the community (150p/SMS)
ham	And also I've sorta blown him off a couple times recently so id rather not text him out of the blue looking for weed
ham	I sent my scores to sophas and i had to do secondary application for a few schools. I think if you are thinking of applying, do a research on cost also. Contact joke ogunrinde, her school is one me the less expensive ones
ham	I cant wait to see you! How were the photos were useful? :)
spam	Ur cash-balance is currently 500 pounds - to maximize ur cash-in now send GO to 86688 only 150p/msg. CC: 08718720201 PO BOX 114/14 TCR/W1
ham	Hey i booked the kb on sat already... what other lessons are we going for ah? Keep your sat night free we need to meet and confirm our lodging 
ham	Chk in ur belovd ms dict
ham	Is that what time you want me to come?
ham	Awesome, lemme know whenever you're around
ham	Shb b ok lor... Thanx...
ham	Beautiful Truth against Gravity.. Read carefully: "Our heart feels light when someone is in it.. But it feels very heavy when someone leaves it.." GOOD NIGHT
ham	Also remember to get dobby's bowl from your car
spam	Filthy stories and GIRLS waiting for your
ham	Sorry i now then c ur msg... Yar lor so poor thing... But only 4 one night... Tmr u'll have a brand new room 2 sleep in...
ham	Love isn't a decision, it's a feeling. If we could decide who to love, then, life would be much simpler, but then less magical
ham	Welp apparently he retired
ham	My sort code is  and acc no is . The bank is natwest. Can you reply to confirm i've sent this to the right person!
ham	Where @
ham	U sure u can't take any sick time?
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a ￡800 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09050001808 from land line. Claim M95. Valid12hrs only
ham	Watching cartoon, listening music &amp; at eve had to go temple &amp; church.. What about u?
ham	Yo chad which gymnastics class do you wanna take? The site says Christians class is full..
ham	Are you this much buzy
ham	Or better still can you catch her and let ask her if she can sell  &lt;#&gt;  for me.
ham	I am not sure about night menu. . . I know only about noon menu
ham	What do u want when i come back?.a beautiful necklace as a token of my heart for you.thats what i will give but ONLY to MY WIFE OF MY LIKING.BE THAT AND SEE..NO ONE can give you that.dont call me.i will wait till i come.
ham	Are you willing to go for aptitude class.
ham	It wont b until 2.15 as trying 2 sort house out, is that ok?
ham	Yar lor he wan 2 go c horse racing today mah, so eat earlier lor. I ate chicken rice. U?
ham	Haha awesome, omw back now then
ham	Yup i thk so until e shop closes lor.
ham	what is your account number?
ham	Eh u send wrongly lar...
ham	Hey no I ad a crap nite was borin without ya 2 boggy with me u boring biatch! Thanx but u wait til nxt time il ave ya 
ham	Ok i shall talk to him
ham	Dont hesitate. You know this is the second time she has had weakness like that. So keep i notebook of what she eat and did the day before or if anything changed the day before so that we can be sure its nothing
ham	Hey you can pay. With salary de. Only  &lt;#&gt; .
ham	Another month. I need chocolate weed and alcohol.
ham	If he started searching he will get job in few days.he have great potential and talent.
ham	Reckon need to be in town by eightish to walk from * carpark.
spam	Congrats! 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call 09063458130 now! videochat wid your mates, play java games, Dload polyPH music, noline rentl.
ham	LOOK AT THE FUCKIN TIME. WHAT THE FUCK YOU THINK IS UP
ham	Yo guess what I just dropped
ham	Carlos says he'll be at mu in  &lt;#&gt;  minutes
ham	I'm in office now . I will call you  &lt;#&gt;  min:)
ham	Geeee ... I miss you already, you know ? Your all I can think about. Fuck, I can't wait till next year when we will be together ... *loving kiss*
ham	Yun ah.the ubi one say if u wan call by tomorrow.call 67441233 look for irene.ere only got bus8,22,65,61,66,382. Ubi cres,ubi tech park.6ph for 1st 5wkg days.en
ham	Ugh. Gotta drive back to sd from la. My butt is sore.
ham	26th OF JULY
ham	Hi im having the most relaxing time ever! we have to get up at 7am every day! was the party good the other night? I get home tomorrow at 5ish.
ham	Up to u... U wan come then come lor... But i din c any stripes skirt...
ham	The Xmas story is peace.. The Xmas msg is love.. The Xmas miracle is jesus.. Hav a blessed month ahead &amp; wish U Merry Xmas...
ham	I can't, I don't have her number!
ham	Change again... It's e one next to escalator...
ham	Yetunde i'm in class can you not run water on it to make it ok. Pls now.
ham	Not a lot has happened here. Feels very quiet. Beth is at her aunts and charlie is working lots. Just me and helen in at the mo. How have you been? 
ham	Then u wait 4 me at bus stop aft ur lect lar. If i dun c u then i go get my car then come back n pick u.
ham	Aight will do, thanks again for comin out
ham	No..but heard abt tat..
spam	Please call our customer service representative on FREEPHONE 0808 145 4742 between 9am-11pm as you have WON a guaranteed ￡1000 cash or ￡5000 prize!
ham	Yes..he is really great..bhaji told kallis best cricketer after sachin in world:).very tough to get out.
ham	&lt;#&gt;  am I think? Should say on syllabus
ham	Umma. Did she say anything
ham	Give me a sec to think think about it
spam	Panasonic & BluetoothHdset FREE. Nokia FREE. Motorola FREE & DoubleMins & DoubleTxt on Orange contract. Call MobileUpd8 on 08000839402 or call 2optout
ham	I don't quite know what to do. I still can't get hold of anyone. I cud pick you up bout 7.30pm and we can see if they're in the pub?
ham	Poyyarikatur,kolathupalayam,unjalur post,erode dis, &lt;#&gt; .
ham	Dear Hero,i am leaving to qatar tonite for an apt opportunity.pls do keep in touch at  &lt;EMAIL&gt; ,kerala
ham	Lol I would but my mom would have a fit and tell the whole family how crazy and terrible I am
ham	I just got home babe, are you still awake ?
ham	I dunno they close oredi not... U v ma fan...
ham	Just buy a pizza. Meat lovers or supreme. U get to pick.
ham	Ya, told..she was asking wats matter?
ham	Dear,regret i cudnt pick call.drove down frm ctla now at cochin home.left mobile in car..ente style ishtamayoo?happy bakrid!
spam	FREE for 1st week! No1 Nokia tone 4 ur mob every week just txt NOKIA to 8007 Get txting and tell ur mates www.getzed.co.uk POBox 36504 W45WQ norm150p/tone 16+
ham	Shall i send that exe to your mail id.
ham	Nope watching tv at home... Not going out. V bored...
ham	Don know..wait i will check it.
ham	Good afternoon on this glorious anniversary day, my sweet J !! I hope this finds you happy and content, my Prey. I think of you and send a teasing kiss from across the sea coaxing images of fond souveniers ... You Cougar-Pen
spam	Guess what! Somebody you know secretly fancies you! Wanna find out who it is? Give us a call on 09065394514 From Landline DATEBox1282EssexCM61XN 150p/min 18
ham	We still on for tonight?
ham	May i call You later Pls
ham	Hasn't that been the pattern recently crap weekends?
ham	I have a sore throat. It's scratches when I talk
ham	Yes da. Any plm at ur office
ham	Are you not around or just still asleep? :V
ham	Lol you forgot it eh ? Yes, I'll bring it in babe
ham	Its good, we'll find a way
ham	Can not use foreign stamps in this country. Good lecture .
ham	Yup bathe liao...
ham	HAPPY NEW YEAR MY NO.1 MAN
ham	OH MR SHEFFIELD! You wanna play THAT game, okay. You're the boss and I'm the nanny. You give me a raise and I'll give YOU one!!
ham	ZOE IT JUST HIT ME 2 IM FUCKING SHITIN MYSELF IL DEFO TRY MY HARDEST 2 CUM 2MOROW LUV U MILLIONS LEKDOG
ham	Hello baby, did you get back to your mom's ? Are you setting up the computer now ? Filling your belly ? How goes it loverboy ? I miss you already ... *sighs*
ham	No my blankets are sufficient, thx
ham	naughty little thought: 'its better to flirt, flirt n flirt, rather than loving someone n gettin hurt, hurt n hurt...:-) Gud nyt
ham	Edison has rightly said, "A fool can ask more questions than a wise man can answer" Now you know why all of us are speechless during ViVa.. GM,GN,GE,GNT:-)
ham	They just talking thats it de. They wont any other.
ham	Today am going to college so am not able to atten the class.
ham	I'm in class. Will holla later
ham	Easy ah?sen got selected means its good..
ham	Mmm thats better now i got a roast down me! i?d b better if i had a few drinks down me 2! Good indian?
spam	We know someone who you know that fancies you. Call 09058097218 to find out who. POBox 6, LS15HB 150p
ham	Come round, it's . 
ham	Do 1 thing! Change that sentence into: "Because i want 2 concentrate in my educational career im leaving here.."
spam	1000's flirting NOW! Txt GIRL or BLOKE & ur NAME & AGE, eg GIRL ZOE 18 to 8007 to join and get chatting!
ham	I walked an hour 2 c u! doesn?t that show I care y wont u believe im serious?
spam	18 days to Euro2004 kickoff! U will be kept informed of all the latest news and results daily. Unsubscribe send GET EURO STOP to 83222.
ham	Are you available for soiree on June 3rd?
ham	Do u noe wat time e place dat sells 4d closes?
ham	I got another job! The one at the hospital doing data analysis or something, starts on monday! Not sure when my thesis will got finished
ham	Jay's getting really impatient and belligerent
ham	HIYA COMIN 2 BRISTOL 1 ST WEEK IN APRIL. LES GOT OFF + RUDI ON NEW YRS EVE BUT I WAS SNORING.THEY WERE DRUNK! U BAK AT COLLEGE YET? MY WORK SENDS INK 2 BATH.
ham	I'm at work. Please call
ham	Then u drive lor.
ham	Ard 515 like dat. Y?
ham	Tell me they're female :V how're you throwing in? We're deciding what all to get now
spam	EASTENDERS TV Quiz. What FLOWER does DOT compare herself to? D= VIOLET E= TULIP F= LILY txt D E or F to 84025 NOW 4 chance 2 WIN ￡100 Cash WKENT/150P16+
ham	I'm working technical support :)voice process.networking field.
ham	I might come to kerala for 2 days.so you can be prepared to take a leave once i finalise .dont plan any travel during my visit.need to finish urgent works.
ham	Ok. Not sure what time tho as not sure if can get to library before class. Will try. See you at some point! Have good eve.
spam	We have new local dates in your area - Lots of new people registered in YOUR AREA. Reply DATE to start now! 18 only www.flirtparty.us REPLYS150
ham	That's fine, I'll bitch at you about it later then
ham	No my mum went 2 dentist.
ham	Once free call me sir. I am waiting for you.
ham	Meeting u is my work. . . Tel me when shall i do my work tomorrow
spam	Someone U know has asked our dating service 2 contact you! Cant Guess who? CALL 09058091854 NOW all will be revealed. PO BOX385 M6 6WU
ham	Jus finish bathing...
ham	alright, I'll make sure the car is back tonight
spam	URGENT! We are trying to contact U. Todays draw shows that you have won a ￡800 prize GUARANTEED. Call 09050003091 from land line. Claim C52. Valid12hrs only
spam	Dear U've been invited to XCHAT. This is our final attempt to contact u! Txt CHAT to 86688
ham	Lul im gettin some juicy gossip at the hospital. Two nurses are talking about how fat they are gettin. And one thinks shes obese. Oyea.
ham	Aight ill get on fb in a couple minutes
ham	Oi. Ami parchi na re. Kicchu kaaj korte iccha korche na. Phone ta tul na. Plz. Plz.
ham	Where can download clear movies. Dvd copies.
ham	Yep, by the pretty sculpture
ham	Convey my regards to him
ham	Me too watching surya movie only. . .after 6 pm vijay movie POKKIRI
ham	You tell what happen dont behave like this to me. Ok no need to say
ham	Can u get pic msgs to your phone?
ham	Send to someone else :-)
ham	Wat makes some people dearer is not just de happiness dat u feel when u meet them but de pain u feel when u miss dem!!!
ham	For me the love should start with attraction.i should feel that I need her every time around me.she should be the first thing which comes in my thoughts.I would start the day and end it with her.she should be there every time I dream.love will be then when my every breath has her name.my life should happen around her.my life will be named to her.I would cry for her.will give all my happiness and take all her sorrows.I will be ready to fight with anyone for her.I will be in love when I will be doing the craziest things for her.love will be when I don't have to proove anyone that my girl is the most beautiful lady on the whole planet.I will always be singing praises for her.love will be when I start up making chicken curry and end up makiing sambar.life will be the most beautiful then.will get every morning and thank god for the day because she is with me.I would like to say a lot..will tell later..
ham	FR'NDSHIP is like a needle of a clock. Though V r in d same clock, V r nt able 2 met. Evn if V meet,itz only 4few seconds. Bt V alwys stay conected. Gud 9t;-)
ham	I don't think he has spatula hands!
ham	You can never do NOTHING
spam	You are awarded a SiPix Digital Camera! call 09061221061 from landline. Delivery within 28days. T Cs Box177. M221BP. 2yr warranty. 150ppm. 16 . p p￡3.99
ham	Goodmorning today i am late for  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; min.
spam	WIN URGENT! Your mobile number has been awarded with a ￡2000 prize GUARANTEED call 09061790121 from land line. claim 3030 valid 12hrs only 150ppm 
ham	Please da call me any mistake from my side sorry da. Pls da goto doctor.
ham	Where r we meeting?
ham	Well the weather in cali's great. But its complexities are great. You need a car to move freely, its taxes are outrageous. But all in all its a great place. The sad part is i missing home.
ham	Now only i reached home. . . I am very tired now. . I will come tomorro
ham	Ryder unsold.now gibbs.
spam	Dear Subscriber ur draw 4 ￡100 gift voucher will b entered on receipt of a correct ans. When was Elvis Presleys Birthday? TXT answer to 80062
ham	Don't fret. I'll buy the ovulation test strips and send them to you. You wont get them til like march. Can you send me your postal address.u'll be alright.Okay.
ham	NO GIFTS!! You trying to get me to throw myself off a cliff or something?
ham	Been up to ne thing interesting. Did you have a good birthday? When are u wrking nxt? I started uni today.
ham	You busy or can I come by at some point and figure out what we're doing tomorrow
ham	Yeah go on then, bored and depressed sittin waitin for phone to ring... Hope the wind drops though, scary
ham	Black shirt n blue jeans... I thk i c u...
ham	Aiyah sorry lor... I watch tv watch until i forgot 2 check my phone.
spam	Message Important information for O2 user. Today is your lucky day! 2 find out why log onto http://www.urawinner.com there is a fantastic surprise awaiting you
ham	on hen night. Going with a swing
ham	Good afternoon, my love. How goes your day ? What are you up to ? I woke early and am online waiting for you ... Hmmm ... Italian boy is online I see . *grins*
ham	From someone not to smoke when every time I've smoked in the last two weeks is because of you calling or texting me that you wanted to smoke
ham	No you'll just get a headache trying to figure it out. U can trust me to do the math. I promise. O:-)
ham	S s..first time..dhoni rocks...
ham	Ok ill tell the company
ham	Awesome, think we can get an 8th at usf some time tonight?
ham	So that means you still think of teju
ham	No I'm good for the movie, is it ok if I leave in an hourish?
ham	No no:)this is kallis home ground.amla home town is durban:)
ham	So lets make it saturday or monday as per convenience.
ham	Hey... What time is your driving on fri? We go for evaluation on fri?
spam	449050000301 You have won a ￡2,000 price! To claim, call 09050000301.
ham	I'm going 4 lunch now wif my family then aft dat i go str 2 orchard lor.
spam	Bored of speed dating? Try SPEEDCHAT, txt SPEEDCHAT to 80155, if you don't like em txt SWAP and get a new chatter! Chat80155 POBox36504W45WQ 150p/msg rcd 16
ham	Cancel cheyyamo?and get some money back?
spam	Do you want 750 anytime any network mins 150 text and a NEW video phone for only five pounds per week call 08000776320 now or reply for delivery Tomorrow
ham	Ok.ok ok..then..whats ur todays plan
ham	Good morning princess! How are you?
ham	Aiyar sorry lor forgot 2 tell u...
spam	For taking part in our mobile survey yesterday! You can now have 500 texts 2 use however you wish. 2 get txts just send TXT to 80160 T&C www.txt43.com 1.50p
ham	Not tonight mate. Catching up on some sleep. This is my new number by the way. 
ham	Height of "Oh shit....!!" situation: A guy throws a luv letter on a gal but falls on her brothers head whos a gay,.;-):-D
spam	Ur HMV Quiz cash-balance is currently ￡500 - to maximize ur cash-in now send HMV1 to 86688 only 150p/msg
ham	So check your errors and if you had difficulties, do correction.
ham	Howz pain?hope u r fine..
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Good morning princess! How are you?
ham	As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
ham	U wake up already? Thanx 4 e tau sar piah it's quite nice.
ham	K do I need a login or anything
spam	Dont forget you can place as many FREE Requests with 1stchoice.co.uk as you wish. For more Information call 08707808226.
ham	LOL ... No just was busy
ham	What * u wearing?
ham	Message:some text missing* Sender:Name Missing* *Number Missing *Sent:Date missing *Missing U a lot thats y everything is missing sent via fullonsms.com
ham	Oh:)as usual vijay film or its different?
spam	I don't know u and u don't know me. Send CHAT to 86688 now and let's find each other! Only 150p/Msg rcvd. HG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN. 18 years or over.
ham	Have you had a good day? Mine was really busy are you up to much tomorrow night?
ham	And is there a way you can send shade's stuff to her. And she has been wonderful too.
ham	Really... I tot ur paper ended long ago... But wat u copied jus now got use? U happy lar... I still haf 2 study :-(
spam	Thank you, winner notified by sms. Good Luck! No future marketing reply STOP to 84122 customer services 08450542832
ham	Babe ? I lost you ... :-(
ham	Ok... Help me ask if she's working tmr a not?
ham	I'm not driving... Raining! Then i'll get caught at e mrt station lor.
ham	Not a drop in the tank
ham	(That said can you text him one more time?)
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	Ok i go change also...
spam	1000's of girls many local 2 u who r virgins 2 this & r ready 2 4fil ur every sexual need. Can u 4fil theirs? text CUTE to 69911(￡1.50p. m)
ham	Did u find a sitter for kaitlyn? I was sick and slept all day yesterday.
ham	Sorry man, accidentally left my phone on silent last night and didn't check it til I got up
ham	Hey.. Something came up last min.. Think i wun be signing up tmr.. Hee
ham	He's an adult and would learn from the experience. There's no real danger. I just dont like peeps using drugs they dont need. But no comment
ham	Hey! There's veggie pizza... :/
ham	Yun buying... But school got offer 2000 plus only...
ham	You sure your neighbors didnt pick it up
ham	K. I will sent it again
spam	Free entry in 2 a wkly comp to win FA Cup final tkts 21st May 2005. Text FA to 87121 to receive entry question(std txt rate)T&C's apply 08452810075over18's
ham	New Theory: Argument wins d SITUATION, but loses the PERSON. So dont argue with ur friends just.. . . . kick them &amp; say, I'm always correct.!
ham	Well. Im computerless. Time to make some oreo truffles
ham	Haha yeah I see that now, be there in a sec
ham	I am not having her number sir
ham	Lol now I'm after that hot air balloon!
ham	Ok . . now i am in bus. . If i come soon i will come otherwise tomorrow
ham	Msgs r not time pass.They silently say that I am thinking of U right now and also making U think of me at least 4 a moment. Gd nt.swt drms @Shesil
ham	Yeah, we can probably swing by once my roommate finishes up with his girl
spam	Got what it takes 2 take part in the WRC Rally in Oz? U can with Lucozade Energy! Text RALLY LE to 61200 (25p), see packs or lucozade.co.uk/wrc & itcould be u!
ham	Happy new years melody!
ham	U dun need to pick ur gf?
ham	Yay! You better not have told that to 5 other girls either.
ham	Horrible u eat macs eat until u forgot abt me already rite... U take so long 2 reply. I thk it's more toot than b4 so b prepared. Now wat shall i eat?
ham	Did he say how fantastic I am by any chance, or anything need a bigger life lift as losing the will 2 live, do you think I would be the first person 2 die from N V Q? 
ham	Just nw i came to hme da..
ham	I'm outside islands, head towards hard rock and you'll run into me
ham	To day class is there are no class.
ham	I'm in chennai velachery:)
ham	You flippin your shit yet?
ham	K give me a sec, breaking a  &lt;#&gt;  at cstore
ham	Am i that much bad to avoid like this?
ham	Yo, you around? Just got my car back
ham	Annoying isn't it.
ham	Goodmorning, Today i am late for  &lt;#&gt; min.
ham	There's no point hangin on to mr not right if he's not makin u happy
ham	All will come alive.better correct any good looking figure there itself..
ham	In that case I guess I'll see you at campus lodge
ham	We're done...
ham	Come to my home for one last time i wont do anything. Trust me.
ham	I was up all night too worrying about this appt. It's a shame we missed a girls night out with quizzes popcorn and you doing my hair.
spam	Sex up ur mobile with a FREE sexy pic of Jordan! Just text BABE to 88600. Then every wk get a sexy celeb! PocketBabe.co.uk 4 more pics. 16 ￡3/wk 087016248
ham	Ok... C ya...
spam	You have 1 new voicemail. Please call 08719181503
ham	What he said is not the matter. My mind saying some other matter is there.
ham	He also knows about lunch menu only da. . I know
ham	Al he does is moan at me if n e thin goes wrong its my fault&al de arguments r my fault&fed up of him of himso y bother? Hav 2go, thanx.xx
ham	NEFT Transaction with reference number  &lt;#&gt;  for Rs. &lt;DECIMAL&gt;  has been credited to the beneficiary account on  &lt;#&gt;  at  &lt;TIME&gt; : &lt;#&gt;
ham	Otherwise had part time job na-tuition..
ham	I know she called me
ham	Me also da, i feel yesterday night  wait til 2day night dear.
ham	Thanks for understanding. I've been trying to tell sura that.
spam	WIN a year supply of CDs 4 a store of ur choice worth ￡500 & enter our ￡100 Weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 Ts&Cs www.Ldew.com.subs16+1win150ppmx3
ham	The whole car appreciated the last two! Dad and are having a map reading semi argument but apart from that things are going ok. P.
spam	As a SIM subscriber, you are selected to receive a Bonus! Get it delivered to your door, Txt the word OK to No: 88600 to claim. 150p/msg, EXP. 30Apr
ham	I need you to be in my strong arms...
ham	Also maaaan are you missing out
ham	His bday real is in april .
ham	Guessin you ain't gonna be here before 9?
ham	Ok then i will come to ur home after half an hour
ham	Yo, the game almost over? Want to go to walmart soon
ham	Yeah, probably but not sure. Ilol let u know, but personally I wuldnt bother, then again if ur goin to then I mite as well!!
ham	I'll text now! All creepy like so he won't think that we forgot
ham	that would be good … I'll phone you tomo lunchtime, shall I, to organise something?
spam	You have 1 new voicemail. Please call 08719181513.
ham	Damn, can you make it tonight or do you want to just wait til tomorrow
ham	K..k..i'm also fine:)when will you complete the course?
ham	True. It is passable. And if you get a high score and apply for phd, you get 5years of salary. So it makes life easier.
spam	No. 1 Nokia Tone 4 ur mob every week! Just txt NOK to 87021. 1st Tone FREE ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply HL 4info
ham	Prakesh is there know.
ham	Teach me apps da. When you come to college.
ham	Rofl betta invest in some  anti aging products
spam	You are a winner U have been specially selected 2 receive ￡1000 cash or a 4* holiday (flights inc) speak to a live operator 2 claim 0871277810810
ham	sir, you will receive the account no another 1hr time. Sorry for the delay.
spam	Reply with your name and address and YOU WILL RECEIVE BY POST a weeks completely free accommodation at various global locations www.phb1.com ph:08700435505150p
ham	So u'll be submitting da project tmr rite?
spam	FREE entry into our ￡250 weekly comp just send the word ENTER to 84128 NOW. 18 T&C www.textcomp.com cust care 08712405020.
ham	Jus ans me lar. U'll noe later.
ham	I want to send something that can sell fast.  &lt;#&gt; k is not easy money.
ham	have got * few things to do. may be in * pub later.
ham	1's finish meeting call me.
ham	Lol ok. I'll snatch her purse too.
ham	"Hello-/@drivby-:0quit edrunk sorry iff pthis makes no senrd-dnot no how ^ dancce 2 drum n basq!ihave fun 2nhite x ros xxxxxxx"
ham	Your opinion about me? 1. Over 2. Jada 3. Kusruthi 4. Lovable 5. Silent 6. Spl character 7. Not matured 8. Stylish 9. Simple Pls reply..
ham	How much are we getting?
ham	Is ur paper in e morn or aft tmr?
ham	Dear relieved of westonzoyland, all going to plan this end too!
ham	Hope you are having a great new semester. Do wish you the very best. You are made for greatness.
ham	Oh yes I can speak txt 2 u no! Hmm. Did u get  email?
ham	I want to show you the world, princess :) how about europe?
ham	Nobody can decide where to eat and dad wants Chinese
ham	No shoot me. I'm in the docs waiting room. :/
ham	Now? I'm going out 4 dinner soon..
ham	Hello which the site to download songs its urgent pls
ham	I do know what u mean,  is the king of not havin credit! I'm goin2bed now. Night night sweet! Only1more sleep! 
ham	Horrible gal. Me in sch doing some stuff. How come u got mc?
ham	HI HUN! IM NOT COMIN 2NITE-TELL EVERY1 IM SORRY 4 ME, HOPE U AVA GOODTIME!OLI RANG MELNITE IFINK IT MITE B SORTED,BUT IL EXPLAIN EVERYTHIN ON MON.L8RS.x
ham	I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
ham	Ummmmmaah Many many happy returns of d day my dear sweet heart.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY dear
spam	Please CALL 08712402779 immediately as there is an urgent message waiting for you
ham	Yeah like if it goes like it did with my friends imma flip my shit in like half an hour
ham	Mum say we wan to go then go... Then she can shun bian watch da glass exhibition... 
ham	What your plan for pongal?
ham	Just wait till end of march when el nino gets himself. Oh.
ham	Not yet chikku..going to room nw, i'm in bus..
ham	Am also doing in cbe only. But have to pay.
ham	Honey boo I'm missing u.
ham	We have sent JD for Customer Service cum Accounts Executive to ur mail id, For details contact us
ham	Yo, I'm at my parents' gettin cash. Good news: we picked up a downstem
ham	Thank you so much. When we skyped wit kz and sura, we didnt get the pleasure of your company. Hope you are good. We've given you ultimatum oh! We are countin down to aburo. Enjoy!
spam	Hungry gay guys feeling hungry and up 4 it, now. Call 08718730555 just 10p/min. To stop texts call 08712460324 (10p/min)
ham	Ok. No wahala. Just remember that a friend in need ...
ham	I will see in half an hour
ham	Im in inperialmusic listening2the weirdest track ever by?leafcutter john?-sounds like insects being molested&someone plumbing,remixed by evil men on acid!
ham	"Hey sorry I didntgive ya a a bellearlier hunny,just been in bedbut mite go 2 thepub l8tr if uwana mt up?loads a luv Jenxxx."
ham	SERIOUSLY. TELL HER THOSE EXACT WORDS RIGHT NOW.
spam	Can U get 2 phone NOW? I wanna chat 2 set up meet Call me NOW on 09096102316 U can cum here 2moro Luv JANE xx Calls￡1/minmoremobsEMSPOBox45PO139WA
ham	Tee hee. Off to lecture, cheery bye bye.
ham	Sorry chikku, my cell got some problem thts y i was nt able to reply u or msg u..
ham	If you still havent collected the dough pls let me know so i can go to the place i sent it to get the control number
ham	Ok...
spam	network operator. The service is free. For T & C's visit 80488.biz
ham	Let me know how to contact you. I've you settled in a room. Lets know you are ok.
ham	Wot u up 2 u weirdo?
ham	Can do lor...
ham	Dont put your phone on silent mode ok
ham	Can i meet u at 5.. As 4 where depends on where u wan 2 in lor..
ham	Waiting 4 my tv show 2 start lor... U leh still busy doing ur report?
ham	Oh ho. Is this the first time u use these type of words
ham	Am I the only one who doesn't stalk profiles?
ham	Ever green quote ever told by Jerry in cartoon "A Person Who Irritates u Always Is the one Who Loves u Vry Much But Fails to Express It...!..!! :-) :-) gud nyt
ham	Yes i thought so. Thanks.
ham	But if she.s drinkin i'm ok.
ham	Just wondering, the others just took off
ham	Night has ended for another day, morning has come in a special way. May you smile like the sunny rays and leaves your worries at the blue blue bay. Gud mrng
ham	What do you do, my dog ? Must I always wait till the end of your day to have word from you ? Did you run out of time on your cell already?
ham	Happy new year to u too!
ham	Hey...Great deal...Farm tour 9am to 5pm $95/pax, $50 deposit by 16 May
ham	Eat jap done oso aft ur lect wat... U got lect at 12 rite... 
ham	Hey babe! I saw you came online for a second and then you disappeared, what happened ?
ham	Da my birthdate in certificate is in april but real date is today. But dont publish it. I shall give you a special treat if you keep the secret. Any way thanks for the wishes
ham	Happy birthday... May all ur dreams come true...
ham	Aiyah u did ok already lar. E nydc at wheellock?
ham	TELL HER I SAID EAT SHIT.
ham	Sure! I am driving but will reach my destination soon.
ham	K so am I, how much for an 8th? Fifty?
ham	Your daily text from me ? a favour this time
ham	Great to hear you are settling well. So what's happenin wit ola?
ham	Those cocksuckers. If it makes you feel better ipads are worthless garbage novelty items and you should feel bad for even wanting one
ham	I tot u reach liao. He said t-shirt.
ham	FRAN I DECIDED 2 GO N E WAY IM COMPLETELY BROKE AN KNACKERED I GOT UP BOUT 3 C U 2MRW LOVE JANX P.S THIS IS MY DADS FONE, -NO CREDIT
ham	I cant pick the phone right now. Pls send a message
ham	Your right! I'll make the appointment right now.
ham	Designation is software developer and may be she get chennai:)
spam	Enjoy the jamster videosound gold club with your credits for 2 new videosounds+2 logos+musicnews! get more fun from jamster.co.uk! 16+only Help? call: 09701213186 
spam	Get 3 Lions England tone, reply lionm 4 mono or lionp 4 poly. 4 more go 2 www.ringtones.co.uk, the original n best. Tones 3GBP network operator rates apply
ham	I jokin oni lar.. U busy then i wun disturb u.
ham	Ok, be careful ! Don't text and drive !
ham	I.ll always be there, even if its just in spirit. I.ll get a bb soon. Just trying to be sure i need it.
ham	U r too much close to my heart. If u go away i will be shattered. Plz stay with me.
ham	I love u 2 babe! R u sure everything is alrite. Is he being an idiot? Txt bak girlie
ham	How abt making some of the pics bigger?
ham	Got but got 2 colours lor. One colour is quite light n e other is darker lor. Actually i'm done she's styling my hair now.
ham	Whenevr ur sad, Whenevr ur gray, Remembr im here 2 listn 2 watevr u wanna say, Jus walk wid me a little while,&amp; I promise I'll bring back ur smile.:-)
ham	Why nothing. Ok anyway give me treat
spam	Win the newest “Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Book 5) reply HARRY, answer 5 questions - chance to be the first among readers!
ham	Ok...
ham	Correct. So how was work today
ham	Just sent again. Do you scream and moan in bed, princess?
ham	I wake up long ago already... Dunno, what other thing?
ham	Oh just getting even with u.... u?
ham	I thk 50 shd be ok he said plus minus 10.. Did u leave a line in between paragraphs?
ham	Can you call me plz. Your number shows out of coveragd area. I have urgnt call in vasai &amp; have to reach before 4'o clock so call me plz
ham	Yeah jay's sort of a fucking retard
ham	Sorry, was in the bathroom, sup
spam	Ur balance is now ￡500. Ur next question is: Who sang 'Uptown Girl' in the 80's ? 2 answer txt ur ANSWER to 83600. Good luck!
ham	My exam is for february 4. Wish you a great day.
ham	I dont know what to do to come out of this so only am ask questions like this dont mistake me.
ham	Aight no rush, I'll ask jay
ham	Good Morning plz call me sir
ham	It's ok lar. U sleep early too... Nite...
ham	Oh... Icic... K lor, den meet other day...
ham	Oh ! A half hour is much longer in Syria than Canada, eh ? Wow you must get SO much more work done in a day than us with all that extra time ! *grins*
ham	Sometimes we put walls around our hearts,not just to be safe from getting hurt.. But to find out who cares enough to break the walls &amp; get closer.. GOODNOON:)
ham	Sweet, we may or may not go to 4U to meet carlos so gauge patty's interest in that
ham	Then she buying today? U no need to c meh...
ham	Aight sorry I take ten years to shower. What's the plan?
ham	Every monday..nxt week vl be completing..
ham	Might ax well im there.
ham	Just chill for another 6hrs. If you could sleep the pain is not a surgical emergency so see how it unfolds. Okay
ham	Yeah I'll try to scrounge something up
ham	Crazy ar he's married. U like gd looking guys not me. My frens like say he's korean leona's fave but i dun thk he is. Aft some thinking mayb most prob i'll go.
ham	Were somewhere on Fredericksburg
ham	Que pases un buen tiempo or something like that
ham	Is it ok if I stay the night here? Xavier has a sleeping bag and I'm getting tired
ham	She doesnt need any test.
ham	Nothing much, chillin at home. Any super bowl plan?
spam	FREE2DAY sexy St George's Day pic of Jordan!Txt PIC to 89080 dont miss out, then every wk a saucy celeb!4 more pics c PocketBabe.co.uk 0870241182716 ￡3/wk
ham	Bugis oso near wat... 
ham	Yo theres no class tmrw right?
ham	Let Ur Heart Be Ur Compass Ur Mind Ur Map Ur Soul Ur Guide And U Will Never loose in world....gnun - Sent via WAY2SMS.COM
ham	Goodnight, sleep well da please take care pa. Please.
ham	Baaaaabe! I misss youuuuu ! Where are you ? I have to go and teach my class at 5 ...
ham	Convey my regards to him
ham	U ned to convince him tht its not possible witot hurting his feeling its the main
ham	Good afternoon loverboy ! How goes you day ? Any luck come your way? I think of you, sweetie and send my love across the sea to make you smile and happy
ham	If i start sending blackberry torch to nigeria will you find buyer for me?like 4a month. And tell dad not to buy bb from anyone oh.
ham	&lt;#&gt; %of pple marry with their lovers... becz they hav gud undrstndng dat avoids problems. i sent dis 2 u, u wil get gud news on friday by d person you like. And tomorrow will be the best day of your life. Dont break this chain. If you break you will suffer. send this to  &lt;#&gt;  frnds in &lt;#&gt;  mins whn u read...
ham	Yo dude guess who just got arrested the other day
ham	Shuhui say change 2 suntec steamboat? U noe where? Where r u now?
ham	What does the dance river do?
ham	Yetunde, i'm sorry but moji and i seem too busy to be able to go shopping. Can you just please find some other way to get what you wanted us to get. Please forgive me. You can reply free via yahoo messenger.
ham	Hey i will be really pretty late... You want to go for the lesson first? I will join you. I'm only reaching tp mrt
spam	HOT LIVE FANTASIES call now 08707509020 Just 20p per min NTT Ltd, PO Box 1327 Croydon CR9 5WB 0870..k
ham	Bbq this sat at mine from 6ish. Ur welcome 2 come
ham	I don't know, same thing that's wrong everyso often, he panicks starts goin on bout not bein good enough …
ham	Alright. I'm out--have a good night!
ham	Did you try making another butt.
ham	Hope you are feeling great. Pls fill me in. Abiola
ham	I though we shd go out n have some fun so bar in town or something ? sound ok?
ham	1) Go to write msg 2) Put on Dictionary mode 3)Cover the screen with hand, 4)Press  &lt;#&gt; . 5)Gently remove Ur hand.. Its interesting..:)
spam	Bears Pic Nick, and Tom, Pete and ... Dick. In fact, all types try gay chat with photo upload call 08718730666 (10p/min). 2 stop texts call 08712460324
spam	500 New Mobiles from 2004, MUST GO! Txt: NOKIA to No: 89545 & collect yours today!From ONLY ￡1 www.4-tc.biz 2optout 087187262701.50gbp/mtmsg18 TXTAUCTION
ham	We're finally ready fyi
ham	Auntie huai juan never pick up her phone
spam	Double Mins & Double Txt & 1/2 price Linerental on Latest Orange Bluetooth mobiles. Call MobileUpd8 for the very latest offers. 08000839402 or call2optout/LF56
ham	Ya tel, wats ur problem..
spam	No. 1 Nokia Tone 4 ur mob every week! Just txt NOK to 87021. 1st Tone FREE ! so get txtin now and tell ur friends. 150p/tone. 16 reply HL 4info
ham	i dnt wnt to tlk wid u
ham	We spend our days waiting for the ideal path to appear in front of us.. But what we forget is.. "paths are made by walking.. not by waiting.." Goodnight!
ham	Its ok my arm is feeling weak cuz i got a shot so we can go another time
ham	Please reserve ticket on saturday eve from chennai to thirunelvali and again from tirunelvali to chennai on sunday eve...i already see in net..no ticket available..i want to book ticket through tackle ..
ham	Storming msg: Wen u lift d phne, u say "HELLO" Do u knw wt is d real meaning of HELLO?? . . . It's d name of a girl..! . . . Yes.. And u knw who is dat girl?? "Margaret Hello" She is d girlfrnd f Grahmbell who invnted telphone... . . . . Moral:One can 4get d name of a person, bt not his girlfrnd... G o o d n i g h t . . .@
ham	That's ok. I popped in to ask bout something and she said you'd been in. Are you around tonght wen this girl comes?
ham	All e best 4 ur exam later.
ham	Hope ur head doesn't hurt 2 much ! Am ploughing my way through a pile of ironing ! Staying in with a chinky tonight come round if you like.
ham	Oh k.i think most of wi and nz players unsold.
ham	Haha... Where got so fast lose weight, thk muz go 4 a month den got effect... Gee,later we go aust put bk e weight.
ham	I wonder how you got online, my love ? Had you gone to the net cafe ? Did you get your phone recharged ? Were you on a friends net ? I think of you, boytoy
ham	Haha just kidding, papa needs drugs
ham	Thk shld b can... Ya, i wana go 4 lessons... Haha, can go for one whole stretch...
ham	Oh ok..
ham	R we still meeting 4 dinner tonight?
ham	Thats cool! I am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
ham	Shall i start from hear.
ham	Then we wait 4 u lor... No need 2 feel bad lar...
ham	No did you check? I got his detailed message now
ham	You have registered Sinco as Payee. Log in at icicibank.com and enter URN  &lt;#&gt;  to confirm. Beware of frauds. Do NOT share or disclose URN to anyone.
ham	No, I decided that only people who care about stuff vote and caring about stuff is for losers
ham	Kaiez... Enjoy ur tuition... Gee... Thk e second option sounds beta... I'll go yan jiu den msg u...
ham	You have registered Sinco as Payee. Log in at icicibank.com and enter URN  &lt;#&gt;  to confirm. Beware of frauds. Do NOT share or disclose URN to anyone.
ham	cool. We will have fun practicing making babies!
ham	Actually getting ready to leave the house.
ham	K..k..any special today?
spam	URGENT, IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR O2 USER. TODAY IS YOUR LUCKY DAY! 2 FIND OUT WHY LOG ONTO HTTP://WWW.URAWINNER.COM THERE IS A FANTASTIC SURPRISE AWAITING FOR YOU
ham	Then we gotta do it after that
ham	I've got ten bucks, jay is being noncomittal
ham	Where at were hungry too
ham	Pls speak to that customer machan.
ham	somewhere out there beneath the pale moon light someone think in of u some where out there where dreams come true... goodnite &amp; sweet dreams
ham	Wen ur lovable bcums angry wid u, dnt take it seriously.. Coz being angry is d most childish n true way of showing deep affection, care n luv!.. kettoda manda... Have nice day da.
spam	Dear U've been invited to XCHAT. This is our final attempt to contact u! Txt CHAT to 86688 150p/MsgrcvdHG/Suite342/2Lands/Row/W1J6HL LDN 18 yrs
ham	So wats ur opinion abt him and how abt is character?
ham	Jay is snickering and tells me that x is totally fucking up the chords as we speak
ham	No..few hours before.went to hair cut .
ham	No wonder... Cos i dun rem seeing a silver car... But i thk i saw a black one...
ham	Lmao. Take a pic and send it to me.
ham	"Speak only when you feel your words are better than the silence..." Gud mrng:-)
ham	No. She's currently in scotland for that.
ham	Do you work all this week ?
spam	Congratulations ur awarded either ￡500 of CD gift vouchers & Free entry 2 our ￡100 weekly draw txt MUSIC to 87066 TnCs www.Ldew.com 1 win150ppmx3age16
ham	Lol great now im getting hungry.
ham	Yes.. now only saw your message..
ham	I'll be at mu in like  &lt;#&gt;  seconds
ham	Ok...
ham	THING R GOOD THANX GOT EXAMS IN MARCH IVE DONE NO REVISION? IS FRAN STILL WITH BOYF? IVE GOTTA INTERVIW 4 EXETER BIT WORRIED!x
ham	Tell you what, if you make a little spreadsheet and track whose idea it was to smoke to determine who "smokes too much" for the entire month of february, I'll come up
spam	For sale - arsenal dartboard. Good condition but no doubles or trebles!
ham	Don't look back at the building because you have no coat and i don't want you to get more sick. Just hurry home and wear a coat to the gym!!!
ham	My painful personal thought- "I always try to keep everybody happy all the time. But nobody recognises me when i am alone"
ham	Thanks for ve lovely wisheds. You rock
ham	You intrepid duo you! Have a great time and see you both soon. 
ham	I asked sen to come chennai and search for job.
ham	Dad went out oredi... 
ham	I jus hope its true that  missin me cos i'm really missin him! You haven't done anything to feel guilty about, yet.
ham	Wat so late still early mah. Or we juz go 4 dinner lor. Aiya i dunno...
ham	Arms fine, how's Cardiff and uni? 
ham	In fact when do you leave? I think addie goes back to school tues or wed
ham	Cool breeze... Bright sun... Fresh flower... Twittering birds... All these waiting to wish u: "GOODMORNING &amp; HAVE A NICE DAY" :)
ham	Ya:)going for restaurant..
ham	Its ok., i just askd did u knw tht no?
spam	Free 1st week entry 2 TEXTPOD 4 a chance 2 win 40GB iPod or ￡250 cash every wk. Txt POD to 84128 Ts&Cs www.textpod.net custcare 08712405020.
ham	Those ducking chinchillas
ham	I am in a marriage function
ham	Looks like u wil b getting a headstart im leaving here bout 2.30ish but if u r desperate for my company I could head in earlier-we were goin to meet in rummer.
ham	Don‘t give a flying monkeys wot they think and I certainly don‘t mind. Any friend of mine and all that!
spam	As a registered optin subscriber ur draw 4 ￡100 gift voucher will be entered on receipt of a correct ans to 80062 Whats No1 in the BBC charts
ham	say thanks2. 
ham	Msg me when rajini comes.
ham	Ya! when are u taking ure practical lessons? I start in june..  
ham	That's good, because I need drugs
ham	Stupid.its not possible
ham	Can u all decide faster cos my sis going home liao..
spam	Summers finally here! Fancy a chat or flirt with sexy singles in yr area? To get MATCHED up just reply SUMMER now. Free 2 Join. OptOut txt STOP Help08714742804
ham	U sleeping now.. Or you going to take? Haha.. I got spys wat.. Me online checking n replying mails lor..
spam	CLAIRE here am havin borin time & am now alone U wanna cum over 2nite? Chat now 09099725823 hope 2 C U Luv CLAIRE xx Calls￡1/minmoremobsEMSPOBox45PO139WA
ham	Fighting with the world is easy, u either win or lose bt fightng with some1 who is close to u is dificult if u lose - u lose if u win - u still lose.
spam	Bought one ringtone and now getting texts costing 3 pound offering more tones etc
ham	Yalru lyfu astne chikku.. Bt innu mundhe lyf ali halla ke bilo (marriage)program edhae, so lyf is nt yet ovr chikku..ali vargu lyfu meow meow:-D
ham	Kinda. First one gets in at twelve! Aah. Speak tomo
spam	09066362231 URGENT! Your mobile No 07xxxxxxxxx won a ￡2,000 bonus caller prize on 02/06/03! this is the 2nd attempt to reach YOU! call 09066362231 ASAP!
ham	Ok good then i later come find u... C lucky i told u to go earlier... Later pple take finish u no more again...
ham	Wat makes u thk i'll fall down. But actually i thk i'm quite prone 2 falls. Lucky my dad at home i ask him come n fetch me already.
spam	YOU 07801543489 are guaranteed the latests Nokia Phone, a 40GB iPod MP3 player or a ￡500 prize! Txt word:COLLECT to No:83355! TC-LLC NY-USA 150p/Mt msgrcvd18+
ham	Your account has been refilled successfully by INR  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your KeralaCircle prepaid account balance is Rs  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; . Your Transaction ID is KR &lt;#&gt; .
ham	I wont touch you with out your permission.
spam	Hi its LUCY Hubby at meetins all day Fri & I will B alone at hotel U fancy cumin over? Pls leave msg 2day 09099726395 Lucy x Calls￡1/minMobsmoreLKPOBOX177HP51FL
ham	7 wonders in My WORLD 7th You 6th Ur style 5th Ur smile 4th Ur Personality 3rd Ur Nature 2nd Ur SMS and 1st "Ur Lovely Friendship"... good morning dear
ham	Take some small dose tablet for fever
ham	Oh. U must have taken your REAL Valentine out shopping first.
ham	Just sent you an email ? to an address with incomm in it, is that right?
ham	Will do, you gonna be at blake's all night? I might be able to get out of here a little early
ham	Friendship is not a game to play, It is not a word to say, It doesn\'t start on March and ends on May, It is tomorrow, yesterday, today and e
ham	Nice. Wait...should you be texting right now? I'm not gonna pay your ticket, ya know!
ham	I'm watching lotr w my sis dis aft. So u wan 2 meet me 4 dinner at nite a not?
ham	Why you keeping me away like this
ham	I think its far more than that but find out. Check google maps for a place from your dorm.
ham	My trip was ok but quite tiring lor. Uni starts today but it's ok 4 me cos i'm not taking any modules but jus concentrating on my final yr project.
ham	Have you always been saying welp?
ham	I'm a guy, browsin is compulsory
ham	Ok...
ham	Purity of friendship between two is not about smiling after reading the forwarded message..Its about smiling just by seeing the name. Gud evng musthu
ham	Sorry, I'll call later
ham	(I should add that I don't really care and if you can't I can at least get this dude to fuck off but hey, your money if you want it)
ham	Hello lover! How goes that new job? Are you there now? Are you happy? Do you think of me? I wake, my slave and send you a teasing kiss from across the sea
ham	I told your number to gautham..
ham	Tell them no need to investigate about me anywhere.
ham	Ok i juz receive..
ham	Cant believe i said so many things to you this morning when all i really wanted to say was good morning, i love you! Have a beautiful morning. See you in the library later.
spam	Your account has been credited with 500 FREE Text Messages. To activate, just txt the word: CREDIT to No: 80488 T&Cs www.80488.biz
ham	In the end she might still vomit but its okay. Not everything will come out.
ham	How are you with moneY...as in to you...money aint a thing....how are you sha!
ham	It has everything to do with the weather. Keep extra warm. Its a cold but nothing serious. Pls lots of vitamin c
ham	Hey gals.. Anyone of u going down to e driving centre tmr?
ham	I'm always on yahoo messenger now. Just send the message to me and i.ll get it you may have to send it in the mobile mode sha but i.ll get it. And will reply.
ham	I'm putting it on now. It should be ready for  &lt;TIME&gt; 
ham	Time n Smile r the two crucial things in our life. Sometimes time makes us to forget smile, and sometimes someone's smile makes us to forget time gud noon